http://www.anlek.com/godspawn/avatar/godspawn.gif 

I have just finished a novel that is being being test-marketed in 2005 as an e-book and AudioBook, which will hopefully lead to paperback publication. It is available as a free download to volunteer reviewers at [b][URL=http://www.GODSPAWN.com]GODSPAWN[/URL][/b]

[b][u]SYNOPSIS:[/u][/b]

............. [b]Storyteller…Warlord…Messiah[/b]
............. [b]Mind created by science, soul by something else.[/b]

A faith-quest set in the future where computer-gods recreate Ancient Rome and use genetically engineered spies as social anthropologists. One such clone betrays his masters for the love of a natural Warlady, and together they save her people and her faith.  The story illustrates why western religions do not accept “souls in human clones”; doctrine insists that only humans have souls, but unnatural evolution is undermining our definition of “human”.

[b][u]DISCUSSION:[/u][/b]

I'd appreciate any feedback on philosophical issues or writing quality, you can download the e-book or Audio-CD's (by mail) for free from [b][URL=http://www.GODSPAWN.com]GODSPAWN[/URL][/b]

----------------------------------------------------------

I have just finished a novel that is being being test-marketed in 2005 as an e-book and AudioBook, which will hopefully lead to paperback publication. It is available as a free download to volunteer reviewers at http://www.GODSPAWN.com 

SYNOPSIS:

............. Storyteller…Warlord…Messiah
............. Mind created by science, soul by something else.

A faith-quest set in the future where computer-gods recreate Ancient Rome and use genetically engineered spies as social anthropologists. One such clone betrays his masters for the love of a natural Warlady, and together they save her people and her faith.  The story illustrates why western religions do not accept “souls in human clones”; doctrine insists that only humans have souls, but unnatural evolution is undermining our definition of “human”.

DISCUSSION:

I'd appreciate any feedback on philosophical issues or writing quality, you can download the e-book or Audio-CD's (by mail) for free during 2005 from http://www.GODSPAWN.com 

-------------------------------------------------------

Just finished a novel in which Christian values triumph even though they look hopelessly out of date.  It took 15-years of research, and the more I studied the more I realized how much Judaism/Christianity/Islam may be forced to "evolve" when the first human clone baby is born!

The novel is being test-marketed in 2005 as an e-book and AudioBook, which will hopefully lead to paper publication. Meanwhile, it is available as a free download to volunteer reviewers at http://www.GODSPAWN.com (I've had hundreds of downloads in just the first few weeks!)

PLOT:

.... Storyteller, Warlord, Messiah
.... Mind created by science, soul by something else.

A faith-quest set in the future where computer-gods recreate Ancient Rome and use genetically engineered spies as social anthropologists. One such clone betrays his masters for the love of a natural Warlady, and together they save her people and her faith. The story illustrates why western religions may not accept "souls in human clones"; doctrine insists that only humans have souls, but unnatural evolution is undermining our definition of "human".

QUESTIONS:

Does Science really contradict doctrine on the contention that only humans have souls? I'd appreciate any feedback on philosophical issues or writing quality, you can download the e-book or Audio-CD's (by mail) for free from http://www.GODSPAWN.com

The novel's underlying premise explores Unnatural Evolution versus the "single soul per human" paradigm. For example, do human clones have souls? Do half-human androids? Do things that are not alive have soul-stuff? Does a grain of sand? Are souls really quantifiable? The EMF fields or all magnets are actually part of a single universal enery continuum, so are souls just peaks in the same soul field? Perhaps you can smash a sand grain into specks, each speck having its own soul...or disect a brain into two separate minds (this can occur).

Re-define what a human is and you redefine soul-stuff, and that could seriously undermine the foundations of traditional western religions.

------------------------------------------------

I am particularly curious about where the Church draws a line between what has a soul and what does not.  Where in the immutable (non-evolving) Scriptures does it define what constitutes a human, or even a human mind for that matter?

Did the Pope recently say that human clones will have souls?  Anyway, I'm not entirely sure that the Pope is even qualified to provide unbiased answers to some of these issues. He's just a human.

So, to recap, to what extent do you think that we could alter our own genetics (Unnatural Evolution)? Could such Science one day create a mind that is based upon human genetics, but that is no longer really human? For example, that mind could be inorganically enhanced.

Is it then conceivable that a more evolved mind could be wiser than a human mind, and thus closer to God? So, should androids/computers be encouraged to displace humans in God's eye, the way that humans displaced apes? It would not be such a grand step, the difference between Humans and Apes must be quite negligable, at least on any intelligence evolution scale that includes aliens.

I'd enjoy chatting about these underlying premises in GODSPAWN, e.g. Unnatural Evolution vs. the "single soul per human" paradigm.

Do human clones have souls?  Do half-human androids?  Does a grain of sand?  Are souls really quantifiable?  Perhaps you can smash a sand grain into specks, each speck having its own soul...  Re-define what a human is and you redefine soul-stuff, and that could fundamentally undermine traditional western religions.

Did anyone actually read the e-book at www.GODSPAWN.com? The most altruistic character in the story is the most human in feelings, but the least human in genetics, and thus according to our traditional western faiths, the least soul-worthy...  So, are our faiths reasonable?

--------------------------------------------------

Doctrines change with social pressure?  That is true to an extent, but Scripture is immutable, it can not evolve.  It even has trouble accommodating the Theory of Evolution, hence Creationism II is now taught in schools.  What troubles me is that if you pull away one of the foundation principles of western faiths, whole faiths crumble, right?

Let me explain: take a human, chop the brain into living segments, each with a separate mind, put them in android bodies, enhance them so that they hardly even resemble human any more, and have them die temporarily....OK, this is wierd, but are all of those dead non-human things still ensouled?  If not, at what point did we cross the line and make it non-souled?

Do cats have souls, or mosquitoes or bacteria, or viruses (are viruses even alive)?  What if we clone a half cat-half human?  Is that creature ensouled?  What if the cat is 99% of the creature and the human is only 1%?  What if we mess with the genetics while it is alive and gradually reduce the % of humanity in it, when does the soul take leave and get the Hell out of poor Mr. Pussycat?

I sometimes think of souls like magnetic fields.  Each magnetic field joins up with all other magnetic fields in an infinite energy field.  But, if you have a naughty magnet whose field aught to go to Hell when it dies (work with me here), how can you chop that piece of energy field out of the overall energy continuum?

Meanwhile, if there are aliens out there with completely different social conventions, going to Heaven for doing things that most of our cultures would interpret as evil, is the concept of Devine Judgement just phooey?  Are there evil aliens in Heaven?  Is it really such a Heaven after all if it has evil alien mosquitoes in it?

Anyway, back to the point.  If everyone and everything shares the same soul-stuff, our traditional religions would need to be completely re-invented from the ground up.  Mess around with human genetics and you bring the Old World's Darwin nightmare back again in a more threatening context, Unnatural Evolution.  Did anyone read the novel at www.GODSPAWN.com?