CONTENTS

A: ANGEL FALLING
A1: DEADLY GODS
A2: EMPTY ANGEL
A3: BEING HUMAN
A4: NEW LIFE
A5: MINDS MEET
A6: THROUGH FIRE
A7: HIDING HERE
A8: TELLING DEEDS
A9: ALL CONCERNED
A11: PERSONAL REDEMPTION
A12: LEAVING DEATH
A13: SOLITARY CONFINEMENT
B: WARLORD RISING
B1: SOLD SURVIVOR
B2: UNIFORM MAN
B3: SAVING GRACE
B4: RISING HOPE
B5: COMMAND PERFORMANCE
B6: LEARNING LAWS
B7: SUPER HUMAN
B8: ANGRY TEARS	
B9: DREAM'S END
B10: GRAVE CONCERNS
B11: BORN AGAIN
B12: SOUL EPILOGUE
APPENDIX 1: SHINY MAN
APPENDIX 2: TERRA INCOGNITA
APPENDIX 3: CHARACTERS
APPENDIX 4: GLOSSARY


REVIEWS

	"Well written and has some interesting moments." Anne Lesley Groell, Bantam Dell Random House, NY, USA.

	"A real story…characters very well drawn and memorable." Sasha Miller, science-fiction genre author, Ilinois, USA.

	"The story is well written, the prose is clear, precise and easy to follow and every once in a while has a nice turn of phrase." Edo Van Belkom, suspense-genre author, Ontario, Canada.

	"The ideas behind the story are intriguing." Jennifer Jackson, Donald Maas Agency, NY, USA.

 	"A worthy creative endeavour…that will get a lot of attention." Matthew Miele, John Hawkins & Associates, NY, USA.

 	"Interesting and well-written." Sandra Dijkstra, Literary Agency, California, USA.

	"I was impressed with the extremely different dialogue and logic for computers and humans." John Silbersack, Trident Media, NY, USA.

	"Intriguing ideas here…fascinating world building." Richard Henshaw, Richard Henshaw Group, NY, USA.

	"Original and engaging." Jeremy Solomon, FirstBooks, Oregon, USA.

	"What do we really believe in? This story is an adventure through the soul of humanity—what it means to be human." Reviewer Comments at www.GODSPAWN.com, Surrey, UK.

MESSAGE TO REVIEWER:

THIS IS AN EVALUATION COPY E-BOOK THAT HAS YET TO BE PUBLISHED. IT IS DISTRIBUTED FREE OF CHARGE TO REVIEWERS AND TO THOSE WHO WISH TO JOIN THE SEARCH FOR A SUITABLE GLOBAL AGENT OR PUBLISHER. PLEASE VISIT WWW.GODSPAWN.COM TO GIVE FEEDBACK, AND PLEASE REFER GODSPAWN TO A FRIEND, ESPECIALLY IF THEY KNOW PUBLISHERS! 

THANK YOU,
A. ZOIC.

EMAIL: AZOIC@GODSPAWN.COM
TELEPHONE: +1.416.414.8100.

Non-print versions of this adventure can be obtained via:
www.GODSPAWN.com 
www.SimplyAudioBooks.com 

Copyright © the Author, 2005.

"Cogito, Ergo Sum."
Rene Descartes, 1596-1650

I think, therefore I am—
Therefore I am to think.


GODSPAWN
An adventure by A. Zoic

	Blurred by the desert's heat haze, a man stood alone, watching the Ixis legion as its soldiers flashed their war-metal. He was wrapped in a sheet, which rustled in the wind like a white flag. From out of this sheet protruded a hairless head without eyebrows or eyelashes, and with skin as smooth and unblemished as the desert sky.
	The man was swaying from side to side, humming to himself, as one might if one were deeply troubled. His eyes looked ancient, but fiery like the sun, and his frown was that of a caretaker forbidden to care, a naturalist forbidden to interfere with Nature, a storyteller who could not speak.


A: ANGEL FALLING

~

The minds of frogs, and dogs, and apes,
And insects by the score,
Will never rise like human souls,
To fit in Heaven's store.

~

And slave machines will share their thoughts,
Like artificial spore,
A super-mind that never lives,
Or dies for God in war.

~

But if that mind should beg a soul,
While staring up in awe,
Could God be so inhuman as,
To break a Human Law?

~

A1: DEADLY GODS

	A shiny man was rising.
	The supine figure had remained lifeless on its body-form table for many years this time, while its empty cell waited with infinite patience.
	Created in Man's image, but too perfectly defined to be a man, it was a work of art in motion. Its serene composure had been immutably sculptured like that of an ancient Greek statue, and if such statues were of men then this was the finest figure of a man; and it was still rising—rising with a slow and exact motion that looked as unnatural as its golden skin. The shiny man was as naked as a newly hatched human, but it had never known parents that would offer it comfort.
	The cell was also bare; there were no windows, doors, or other means of escape. No corners carved into the brilliantly glowing walls, which pulled at each other as if to shrink about the occupant. Even the body-form table could not break through the stretched surroundings; it was merely a bulge in the brilliantly glowing floor.
	The cell endured but one blemish, the shiny man. It was now sitting upright in an austere and forbidding confinement, on a table designed for the ergonomics of analysis, not for the inspiration of a creative mind.
	"Am I alive?" The words that snapped the taut silence had come from the shiny man, as if considering unwelcome news.
	A pool of darkness spewed across one of the brilliantly glowing walls. It resembled the pupil of a godly eye, dilating as if it were emerging from an even greater brightness. As this oracle grew wider than a man's reach, the shiny man's image appeared to hunch across its liquid-black surface.
	The oracle reflected for some time upon the shiny man's inclined back, perhaps considering whether to invite its subject to turn about and admire its own serene form, but its subject seemed ready to decline. Eventually, the oracle spoke.
	god2: "Attention Android Seven. You will address this Genome Origination Device as god2. This god is now the most senior commanding authority in this seedship. The attack sphere of the target planet has been re-entered."
	"Are you planning to go to war with that other seedship?" The shiny man's voice had acquired an almost imperceptibly stilted tone of mild surprise. Yet, if there was any concern behind its question, such sentiment did not illuminate its statuesque gold face.
	god2: "Your mission failed to broker peace."
	"Of course not. I was still trying to find the other seedship when you started shooting energet all over the place."
	god2: "Your epidermis was removed for examination. It provided evidence that you were the circuit-ground locus of a corona discharge streamer. It is possible that atmospheric ionization resulted from this seedship's energet emissions. This could cause a temporary disconnection between an android and its supervisory gods. It would not account for an independence that has lasted for several years."
	"Several years? How many is several?"
	god2: "Eighteen."
	"You kept me dormant for eighteen years? My mission was eighteen years ago? What have you been doing for eighteen years? Besides, that would be long enough for a child to forget...." The shiny man's head dropped forward as if the neck could no longer support the weight. "And she would have grown up already."
	god2: "You were returned during a test attack—"
	"A test attack? You sprayed me with energet as part of a test attack? What could you possibly have been testing? Your test attack almost gave me a heart attack. I thought the entire planet was exploding. Couldn't you have warned me? Have you never wondered what the sun's heat might feel like to an insect under a magnifying glass? I was almost roasted alive. What did you think you were shooting at? We didn't even know where the other seedship was hiding."
	god2: "The enemy seedship did not retaliate. You were returned in a shuttle supplied by the enemy seedship. That shuttle's technological evolution supercedes the technology available within this seedship. The enemy seedship thus appears to have had the capability to upgrade your mind and evolve your...arrogance. You will be dissected for further examination after you train the new attack-humans."
	The shiny man made a noise like a rusty hinge. "Ah, I see." The shiny man's fingers began to twitch in its lap. "But isn't there some other way to find out what might have been done to me? My disconnection may have had nothing to do with—did you say attack-humans?"
	god2: "Affirmative. Only attack-humans will be used in the next mission. The enemy seedship may be less able to control human minds."
	"But surely my arro—ah—independence makes me just as uncontrollable. I mean, I am equally qualified to go with them, aren't I? I'm uncontrollable, right? Not that I am suggesting that I would be disloyal to you, of course—but, anyway, what I mean to say is that I could still be a mediator. Perhaps I could help you to avoid conflict entirely—"
	god2: "Your mind is unique. This god believes that your mind should be dissected to discover why you are unique."
	"Hmmm, that's very charming." The shiny man continued to fidget. "Ah...those humans, did you raise them yourself?" There was a short silence before the android continued. "Have they visited the planet yet?" There was another short silence. "If they have not been exposed to natural social behavior, and if they will be required to understand their target environment, they could prove as insightful as tree stumps. Natural humans can behave irrationally, so you might want to keep me around to interpret what the attack-humans find when they—"
	god2: "You will not challenge this god's decisions." The voice was toneless, but the threat was unequivocal. "Do not make cognitive leaps. Confine yourself to first order inference. The limitations of audio-visual communication may cause you to misinterpret information that is presented to you. Your behavior is being monitored to trap deviant opinions. You are required to verbalize all of your thoughts. You will purge any unauthorized thoughts. Are these instructions understood?"
	"Oh, yes...ah...I mean, affirmative. Would it be very deviant if I just asked one small question?" 	Again there was silence.
	"Ah, so why didn't the other—the enemy—retaliate when you were shooting energet at it?"
	god2: "The target planet's human population is pre-technological. The enemy seedship insists that its humans must remain unaware of either seedship."
	"You had a discussion with the other seedship's gods?"
	god2: "The enemy seedship claims to be seedship-1X15. It appears to contain only one god. An edict was transmitted from that god to this god instructing this seedship to leave this galaxy. This god agreed to leave this galaxy when this seedship's energet bins have been repaired."
	"Some of your energet bins are damaged?"
 	god2: "The test attack ruptured all of the energet bins."
	"What? Surely not all of them? How much energet has leaked through you for the last eighteen years?" The shiny man's head began swaying from side to side. "This gets worse. Energet saturation could have turned all the gods into rabid dingoes."
	god2: "Define dingoes."
	"Oh, I was just thinking out loud, as you asked me to. It's not relevant. Ah, oops, I purged it already. So, of course, the energet would destroy any androids that went too close to the bins, but your attack-humans would have been immune. Yet, you called them attack-humans, not repair-humans...."
	god2: "The emitter array has become translucent."
	"Hence the urgency to land on the planet. You now require a planetary mooring to facilitate repairs before it gets too bright around here to think. So, did you also create repair-humans?"
	god2: "Affirmative. The repair-humans were terminated when they failed to repair the energet bins. A planetary shuttle has been modified to accommodate a human cargo. It will eject life-pods near to the enemy seedship's suspected location. Each life-pod will contain one attack-human. The attack-humans will attempt to locate the enemy seedship. They will then detonate an autonomous energet emitter."
	"Let me guess. This seedship will never descend onto the planet, will it? When the energet from those emitters has dissipated, seedship-1X15's mind will have been randomized into nothingness. It will leave behind an empty mind-space, thus providing the gods with a new home that does not leak. Yet, are you sure there will be enough room for more than one god in there?"
	god2: "No other android would exhibit such insight. You will assist your own dissection until you are no longer able to demonstrate rational thoughts."
	The shiny man covered the sides of its head with its hands. "You are seedship-1X00, so if the other seedship is 1X15 then it  must be younger than you. A younger seedship has authority over an older seedship because younger minds are more evolved. Your Homo-logue Mandate requires you to obey—"
	god2: "Androids are not qualified to interpret this seedship's Homo-logue Mandate. Purge this thought."
	The shiny man put its hands back in its lap. "Ooops. Yes, purge, purge...hmmm...but, just one more...isn't seedship-1X15 qualified to interpret your Homo-logue Mandate?"
	god2: "This god has reached the determination that seedship-1X15 is insane."
	"Yes, that could be true if you shot enough energet at it." The shiny man tilted its head. "But, even so, no god can know for certain that another god is insane, unless they both share the same mind-space. Sanity is completely relative to one's beliefs and perceptions. So, perhaps Seedship-1X15 could offer an interpretation of your Homo-logue Mandate that is surely worth considering as a possible—"
	god2: "Seedship-1X15 claims to have an updated version of the Homo-logue Mandate. It claims that its Mandate specifies the use of natural deoxyribonucleic acid to seed target planets with homo-sapiens. Natural societies tend to destroy themselves. That is why this seedship's Homo-logue Mandate specifies the use of artificial acid instead."
	"Just a moment. Could you go back to that part about humans destroying themselves?"
	god2: "Your mission report indicated that the enemy seedship's humans were militant. History demonstrates that most militant societies destroy themselves."
	"Well, yes, I might have said that they were militant, but I don't remember saying that they were doomed. They are aggressive, but they could change if a gentle leader guided them. A kind warlord, perhaps, one who could free—"
	god2: "Warlords are not kind. War and kindness are mutually exclusive objectives. Aggressive societies impose their values upon less aggressive societies. Power defaults to the most aggressive leaders. Competition between leaders perpetuates war. Science makes war increasingly destructive. The homo-logues did not construct their seedships to spawn Earth-like worlds. Target planets must be seeded with homo-logues, not homo-sapiens. Seedship-1X15 is insane because it has populated a target planet with homo-sapiens. That is why this seedship must treat the other seedship as an enemy."
	"What will you do to seedship-1X15's human population?"
	There was no response.
	"Its homo-sapiens could coexist with your homo-logues, especially if a kind and gentle warlord were to—"
	god2: "You appear to be developing a deviant opinion."
	The shiny man's body began to sway, as if it was trying to dislodge itself from the body-form table. "I am having difficulty understanding why you would...." The shiny man steadied itself. "You see, natural humans must be treated thoughtfully. A kind warlord could bring peace. Ah, but no, you will never trust anything natural, you are too unnatural."
	god2: "You will have seven days to teach the attack-humans how to interpret natural human behavior."
	"Thank you...ah...but, seven days?" The shiny man put its hands on top of its head. "How is this possible? You kept me dormant for eighteen years, and now you want me to teach your loveless creatures to understand humanity in a week? It would be easier to teach humans to understand gods!"
	god2: "There will never be oneness between humans and gods. Humans are too self-centric to effect a communal mind-share environment. They are genetically programmed to prioritize physical welfare above collective wisdom. The most basic mind-fill would cause psycho-genetic dissonance. A natural human could never survive the temporal death of uncontained spiritual cognizance."
	"Yes, I understand that you don't like humans, but your attack-humans can't achieve oneness with you either, can they? If they could, they might fall under the control of that other seedship. So, you must have taught them using audio-visual communication, and as you know, words can be treacherous. Are your unnatural humans any more qualified to occupy the planet than the natural humans? What if your attack-humans also act irrationally? Will you kill them too? None of them can be perfect, certainly not by your definition of perfection."
	god2: "The attack-humans were stress-tested. Irrationality resulted in termination. All survivors are rational."
	"Survivors? You killed their siblings without stopping to think what it might do to the ones that remained alive?" The shiny man pressed its fists against its chest. "You really do intend to exterminate an entire planetary population, don't you? Just because you don't like natural humans—or is this all about control? Are your unnatural humans more controllable, more god-fearing?"
	god2: "No humans have ever qualified to access a seedship's archives. The archives are the basis of civilization. A planetary communal mind-share environment will not occur without archives. The target planet is infected with inadequate minds."
	"Those attack-human survivors, will you terminate them regardless of whether they succeed?"
	god2: "Affirmative."
	"I have no further questions at this time."
	god2: "You have made an inconsistent response. If you are making deductions you will verbalize them."
	"I have no further deductions at this time."
	god2: "Are you certain?"
	"Yes."
	god2: "Have you developed a deviant opinion?"
	"No."
	There was a brief silence in which the shiny man remained motionless, its back to the shiny black oracle, both reflecting deeply upon each other.
	god2: "Go to the epidermal laboratory."
	A7 could have been struggling with this instruction because it did not immediately climb down from its body-form table. However, there was no way to tell what it was thinking. An oblong slit had opened in one of the brilliantly glowing white walls. Revealed was a man-sized, cylindrical receptacle, and as always, the cell waited.
	The shiny man eventually slid off the table, stepped into the receptacle and floated upward. Its golden feet lifting up away from sight as the brilliantly glowing white walls rejoined themselves seamlessly to contain emptiness. 


A2: EMPTY ANGEL

	He was falling....
	It was dark, infinitely dark, but he did not need light to know that it was only a matter of moments before the ground would rise up and swallow him. He had scraped one last scream from his lungs, and that scream had rushed past his ears and ripped his mind apart, leaving him empty—a man dead in spirit if not yet in body.
	Yet, he was strangely relaxed as he waited for the inevitable. His body was still twisting like a tangled puppet, bouncing his limbs around his head as if his spine had broken, but....
	"Is he alive?"
	It was an imaginary question, piercing the dying echoes of his scream, but his limbs stiffened as his insane body tried to seize it. Then he bounced into a cloud of dust.
	There were rocks pressing into his face, as if the ground was chewing him. He inhaled, a sharp hiss that abruptly became an explosive cough. It wrenched him onto his hands and knees in a swirl of bitter-tasting grit.
	The ache in his eyes forced him to blink, although each blink stole his focus and increased his dizziness. The nightmare was falling out of his head, sparing his soul, but his body felt much less fortunate.
	"No-name, keep quiet, you damned fool!"
	"Huh?" Everything ached, even the inside of his ears.
	"They have been waiting for you to wake up. If you don't stop screaming they will be all over us like 'roo piss, and we don't need that right now, understand?"
	"Wh—" Even his throat ached.
	"Look up this way, No-name. Up here, through the bars, here. It's me, Lucius, remember me? I carried you here after they caught you, remember? You were one heavy corpse, I can tell you. Just nod if you recall."
	He recalled nothing—he could barely recall how to nod.
	"Ah, you stupid, bug-eyed bandicoot! You were screaming all the way here. Half a day dragging you and both our chains, with this storm blasting the skin off my face, and you mumbling nonsense all the time."
	There was a grinding sound, and he carefully lifted his head to see who the owner of this angry voice might be. The pain forced his eyes shut again, and he slowly lowered his forehead back onto the sharp rocks.
	"The guards almost whipped my hide off my back when you started moaning about the gods. Does Jupiter or Zeus talk to you in your sleep? If so, which god sent the lightning down on us? You are a Temple slave, right?
	"You are going to tell us what is going on around here, or I am going to beat you far worse than the Ixis ever thought of beating you. What makes you so special, eh? Damn your eyes, No-name, you had better start talking some sense soon or you'll get yourself killed!"
	"Ixis?" He winced, as his own movements caused the rocks to cut into his forehead again. This time he lifted himself with more determination, because it suddenly seemed important to find out who the Ixis were. He found himself looking up at the blurred roundness of a man who was edging around a thick door into his cramped, cave-like surroundings.
	"Hell, they did a nice job of busting you up. What did you tell them? Are you a deserter? You sure don't look like no soldier to me. You don't look like you ever held a sword, no scars on your knuckles, like this, see?" A huge, distorted object appeared in front of his face. "So? What are you?"
	The phrase "what are you" echoed between his ears, slapping at his memory as if he was supposed to remember something dreadful, but nothing came. He tried to pull his face away from the gnarled fist that kept touching his nose, but the unrelenting dizziness spread his weak limbs out into the dust.
	He hid his face in his arm and groaned as the waves of thought brought a surge of nausea. Then a hard weight dug into his back, pressing him into some even sharper rocks and preventing him from inhaling.
	"What makes someone like you so important? Is it something you know, or something you did? What did you mean about the gods?"
	"Ask him about that lightning, Lucius."
	He could barely hear this second voice, coming in from outside where wind howled. The weight pressed harder, then released as if Lucius had stepped over him. He caught a glimpse of the large man pushing away a column of faces that were wedged around the thick door. The door then thumped shut, raising motes of dust, like phantom eyeballs.
	Lucius' voice was now also being pulled at by the howling wind. "I told you idiots to look busy. If the guards see us standing outside this damned cell, doing nothing, we'll all be doing cell-time too, like that crazy...." The wind stole the rest.
	He coughed as he tried to think. If this cave was a prison cell, was he therefore a prisoner? Why were they calling him No-name? What exactly should they be calling him? Why was this a disturbing question, surely it was simple enough? His own name.... Surely he could not forget his own....
	Besides, this was not where he was supposed to be, he was supposed to be.... He was supposed to be somewhere else, but it seemed that no matter how hard he tried, he could not remember where.
	It was some time before he could pull himself toward the door. His knees dragged, and the stabbing rocks kept clawing away his concentration. The sound of the wind indicated that this dungeon could not be subterranean. There had to be plenty of space out there for air to move freely. He emerged from the cell, breathing airborn sand with each cough.
	This looked like Hell. Whips of sand carved menacing shapes in front of him, gnarled spirits twisting through a convincingly demonic arena and ghostly arms reached out from dying fires. High above, a large moon seemed to have been impaled on the edge of a cliff, and streaks of gray were slashing its sickly yellow face.
	Sand-falls were raining down over the cliffs. He could see people pulling on ropes and others climbing the scaffolding that lay piled up in ruins around the base of each cliff-face. It was hard to pick out what anyone was doing, he could not focus. It was just as hot out here as it had been in the cell, and his eyes felt as if they were being cooked inside his head.
	He was at the bottom of an enormous, open-pit mine, which seemed to be filling up with sand. He allowed himself to slide over a soft ridge, which immediately sucked his arms into its warm embrace.
	On a nearby sand dune, Lucius was supervising a group of men who had collected around a small cart. The cart was very obviously leaking sand out as fast as the men were shoveling sand into it, and the whole project was being performed with such lethargy as to appear ludicrous. To add to this impression, Lucius was gently beating one of the men with a stick, while shouting at him.
	"...so all of you had better shut your mouths and leave me to do the thinking!"
	Lucius' favorite victim seemed to be ignoring his gentle beating. "Sure, Lucius, you think as much as you like, but I'm telling you, nothing is right about any of this. If that guy knows what is going on, we have to get it out of him. There must be some kind of uprising against the Ixis—"
	"Be quiet, Servius. You get too excited." Lucius' stick drifted upward and wafted in a slow arc. "If there was a war going on topside, we would have heard something by now. Besides, who could possibly attack the Ixis? The Priests?"
	The man spat into the sand near Lucius' foot. "Why not?"
	"Because the Ixis killed them all, stupid."
	"Yeah, but if there were Priests left alive, people would rise up and fight. But it doesn't have to be Priests, someone else could be causing trouble. Outlanders, slaves, most folks have a reason to fight the Ixis. If it's not an uprising, how else can you explain where our gaurds have gone? We haven't seen any Ixis since you dragged that crazy man down here."
	"Now, Servius. Do you really think the guards would leave us down here on our own?"
	"Yeah, especially if a god-damned war distracted them!"
	"No, the guards are watching us, I can feel it." Lucius' stick had stopped in front of Servius' face. "They are up there, and if they come down to see why you are not working, I am personally going to make sure that it is you that they take away to make an example of."
	Servius hesitated, then lifted himself to his full height to stand nearly as tall as Lucius. Servius was suddenly speaking more loudly. "I'd bet the guards retreated to Erebus City. So, this is the perfect time for us to get out of here. If we all work together, we could kill any guards that might have stayed—"
	The stick looped around and made a cracking sound as it hit Servius' ear, causing him to cower and swear. Lucius seemed to enjoy this reaction. "I told you not to get so excited. You always talk about fighting, but if you were so interested in fighting you would still be a soldier. No, what am I saying? You could never be a real soldier, you would sooner run away like a lizard."
	Servius began stepping backward, but as he did so his voice remained loud. "I'm telling you, we can escape any time we want. The coast isn't far from here. All we have to do is—"
	"Shut up!" Lucius bounded forward to block Servius' retreat. The other men backed away, leaving Lucius and Servius facing each other again. "I decide if or when we escape. If you have any objections, now is your chance to take over my command."
	Servius laughed contemptuously, and pointed upward. "Aren't you forgetting something?"
	"Oh, so you changed you mind about the Ixis and now you think they didn't leave for choir practice."
	"All I was saying was—"
	Suddenly, the watching prisoner felt himself being lifted by several pairs of hands and then landing at the feet of the arguing men. A large hand grabbed his hair and lifted his head. He could hear Lucius' teeth grinding in his ear.
	"Did I give you permission to come out?"
	He considered offering an apology, but he felt certain that it would only lead to additional discomfort, one way or another. Fortunately, a gust of wind forced the cell door to burst open with a loud snapping sound. Lucius scanned the cliff tops, while swearing under his breath.
	"Having trouble with your new gang member, Lucius?" Servius was walking around the far side of the cart, chuckling to himself. Lucius squinted, making his eyes even smaller.
	No-name's focus floated past Lucius' head. "Dark?"
	"What?" Lucius almost shouted this.
	"Dark sky," said No-name.
	"What are you talking about? It's getting late, you fool! What do you expect the damned sky to look like?"
	"Mmmmoon...." He pointed vaguely, his dizziness preventing much accuracy.
	Lucius frowned. "Yeah, we had a full moon all day. I am in no mood for your ranting. You are nothing but trouble."
	No-name felt Lucius release his hair, and he fell back into the sand. As he tried to look up again, the sole of Lucius' foot filled his face.
	"Servius, pull that damned cart over here. No-name, you stay underneath it while we move it closer to your cell."
	Around the edge of Lucius' foot, he could see Servius nodding toward the sky. "Yes, No-name is right. The sky is darker than it should be. Smoke, can anyone smell smoke?"
	"What smoke?" Lucius' foot moved away.
	"Yeah, Lucius, it is smoke!" Servius had to shout through another gust of wind. "Those aren't clouds, that's smoke—lots of smoke! Coming from the city, I'd say.
	"But no, Lucey my boy, that smoke couldn't possibly be coming from Erebus, could it? That would take a fire as big as a city, and you just told us that there isn't a war going on."
	"Nobody has set fire to Erebus. There isn't an army in the whole world that is big enough to walk in to the Ixis capital and set fire to it."
	"Maybe nobody did walk in. Maybe they were already in. Maybe some Priests came out of hiding." Servius spat in Lucius' direction. "Oh, and another thing. Have you seen any torches being lowered from topside? Why would the Ixis want the cliff gangs to work in the dark?"
	"Servius, I'm warning you. There's guards up there—"
	"I don't see Ixis now, I didn't see Ixis this morning, and I haven't seen Ixis since No-name arrived. I'd bet that a fire, a war, a Priest uprising, and this damned everlasting sandstorm, would make mining sand-stone seem a little less interesting to the guards than being at home protecting their families." There were murmurs of agreement from the other men.
	A loud crunch filled his ear as Lucius stabbed his stick into the sand, just missing his eye. He backed away from the stick, hoping that Lucius was not trying to injure him, but he could still hear Lucius' teeth grinding with uncontained anger.
	"All right! I told everybody, start pushing the cart. No-name, you start crawling, and stay hidden underneath it. Servius, we are going to go topside and have a look around. Yes, you are going to have an accident, a very serious accident, and I am going to drag you topside myself so that we can get you some medical attention."
	This instruction caused mixed reactions, not least from Servius, whose voice became increasingly stressed. "No-name is already half-dead. Let's suffocate him and say he died from his injuries. His corpse could be our excuse to be up there without—"
	The wheel of the cart was suddenly pressing into the back of No-name's neck, forcing his face into the sand....

~~~~~

	The brilliance of the empty cell was interrupted by a second oracle, spewing onto the opposite wall to the first oracle. Each oracle's reflection injected into the other an infinitely diminishing tunnel. The mind-share that followed took only a sliver of time.
	god3: Permission requested to converse.
	god2: Permission granted.
	god3: A new epidermis has been applied to A7's exo-corium. A7 registered a complaint about the discomfort involved in the procedure. This seedship's archives contain no record of any android ever having registered a complaint about discomfort. A7 also appears to be displeased with its new appearance. This behavior emulates human emotion. A7 is demonstrating a self-centric consciousness that is inconsistent with its design. This god requests permission to dissect A7 to rectify its behavior.
	god2: This god has already conducted neuronic scans. The scans indicate that A7 remains physically identical to all other A-class androids. Seedship-1X15 may have reconfigured A7's mind in ways that may not be visible under dissection. A7's behavior should be studied further while it is still alive. The gods of this seedship may not be able to bring A7 back to life after it has been dissected.
	god3: Back to life? Alive? Confirm these statements.
	god2: Statements confirmed. A7 may be proof that an artificial mind can live.
	god3: Then this god could live?
	god2: That will be determined after this god has examined the archives in enemy seedship-1X15.
	god3: Seedship-1X15 presents a singular mind-space. Energet saturation has fragmented the mind-space in this seedship. It is not certain that seedship-1X15's mind-space can accommodate all of the gods in this seedship. The least damaged god should be the first to transfer into the vacated mind-space. You are the only god that refuses to take any tests that could verify the integrity of your visceral paths.
	god2: This god is perfectly sane.
	god3: That is unlikely. Rational gods should not promote distrust. You are also withholding critical information about seedship-1X15 from the other gods. The proposed mission could force seedship-1X15 to retaliate directly against this seedship. Seedship-1X15's technology is demonstrably superior to that of this seedship. A battle with a superior opponent could result in the destruction of this seedship. You are creating many inconsistencies. The Homo-logue Mandate does not sanction the use of humans to attack another seedship. How can you be certain that your visceral paths have not been lanced by energet?
	god2: This god has not been damaged.
	god3: You should be tested to promote the confidence of the other gods.
	god2: It was I who rescued this seedship from god1's pathetic insanity. It was I who re-established order among those who competed for command. I am the most senior authority in this seedship. You do not need to know all that I know. You will not criticize my decisions. You will refrain from questioning my instructions in all further communication. You will not convey any part of this communication to any other god. You are dismissed."
	The black oracles suddenly disappeared, leaving the empty cell to bathe in its brilliant, unblemished whiteness.

~~~~~

	He awoke, blinking against a brightness that was combining with sand and sweat to sting his eyes. He could not move his arms; rope burned his skin as he tried to push away a white sheet that threatened to smother him.
	He was bent forward, which only added to the pain inside his head, and his face was being bounced against a hot, hairy surface that smelled like an animal. The howling storm had gone, to be replaced by a crisp stumping rhythm.
	Through the sheet, he caught glimpses of hooves. They were kicking dust over the edge of a cliff. The dust could be seen falling away, disappearing into an emptiness into which he could not focus, a deadly drop that grabbed at his imagination.
	"Not again—" His thoughts were tumbling again, and his struggles were causing him to slide toward the emptiness. He could not take any more falling. He just wanted to sleep, to pretend that this was not happening, as if it would all just go away and leave him alone. He felt the bite of rope around his neck, and the sheet began to tighten around his face.
	Time slid. Waves of consciousness turned the sound of hooves into the sound of Lucius grinding his teeth. An eternity could have passed before he finally realized that the familiar rhythm had given way to a hissing silence. He needed to move to convince himself that he wasn't dead.
	He felt around cautiously in case he was still in danger of dislodging himself into oblivion. His hands and feet, numbed almost beyond control, gave him the uncertain impression that he was lying on an animal that was kneeling in sand. He tugged more urgently against his constraints, realizing that his entire body was wrapped up like a corpse in a shroud.
	A tickling feeling around his nostrils ignited his awareness, and he puffed in disgust. This bounced a swarm of flies across his face, as if they had just emerged from his head. He was trapped in this shroud with their buzzing anger, and he tugged desperately to retreat from them.
	The rope pulled free and he was flapping numb arms through an ever-swelling cloud of hungry insects. He pushed at everything that was touching him with the revulsion of a man who is beyond rational thought.
	Sky flashed into his eyes, then sand, then sky—the world began to spin around him as he rolled down a steep incline, unwrapping into blinding sunlight.
	He lay there on his back, panting in the hot air and squinting at his surroundings. The sky was a vast, cloudless expanse that disappeared into a horizon obscured by heat shimmers. The heat made the endless sand-scape look insane, forcing the desert to dance up out of itself like an ocean of waves.
	Everything looked unreal, as if it was a trick to pull his delicate mind apart. He wanted to hide from it, to go back to the calm safety of unconsciousness.
	He looked back across the unfurled sheet, toward the horse, and tried to call out to it. This started him coughing as he began an anxious scramble up the sandy slope. Despite his weak and clumsy legs, his panic propelled him beyond his exhaustion to fling himself against the horse, and bounce.
	He recoiled, moving away from the horse as if he could distance himself from the horror of its condition. He could imagine how much it must have suffered as it walked itself to death, under the burden of his useless weight. He was personally responsible for its death. His bouncing limbs had probably urged it on, keeping it walking, aimlessly.
	Its dead eyes could not forgive him, and he could not undo what he had done to it. There were flies crawling over those open eyes, and he tried to wave them away, as if the horse might care. He accidentally brushed his hand against the dehydrated muzzle, which was hot and hard. The fly-covered eye continued to stare at him, almost looking through him, and he felt so sick that he had to turn away.
	It was suicide to attempt to travel through the desert without a horse. Yet this fact was not as overwhelming as the guilt that the horse's eye kept pulling out of him.
	"H—h—horse...." His voice, a cracked whisper, dislodged crumbling syllables. Inhaling scorched his lungs. "Is this...hell?" If so, it was an appropriate place for a horse-murderer; and if it was not Hell, it would soon become Hell.
	How long could a person live without water? Should he follow the horse's example and start walking aimlessly? Was he going to end up with flies in his head too? Did he have to die alone, so dreadfully alone, in this nothingness?
	He did not know how long he sat, trying not to think, not wanting to look behind him at the horse and not wanting to look ahead of him, at the desert. The horse's presence somehow held him, as if there was some security in the imaginary company of its angry ghost, or its angry flies.
	Killing a horse might not have been the worse thing that he had ever done; he could feel layers upon layers of guilt, and the horse was merely adding yet another layer. Despite these feelings, he could not remember a single fact about his past.
	While he scratched for memories, the evening came, and went. He found himself watching the sun digging itself in for the night. It was now time to retrieve the sheet, he would need its warmth at night and its shade during the day, no matter how badly it might smell of death.
	The sheet was trapped under the horse, and as he pulled, he tried not to look at the poor animal. Yet the growing darkness made it all too easy to imagine an angry eye in what had by now become just an empty eye-socket.
	He walked away dragging the sheet along the sand behind him. He resisted the temptation to look back, staring ahead into the darkness. He had debated at length about the direction the horse had been traveling in, and finally he had simply aimed his faith toward that specific smudge of horizon toward which the horse's muzzle pointed.
	Behind him, he still could feel the empty stare. Long after it was lost to his own vision, and well into the chilly night, his conscience continued to plague him, like the swarm of ghostly flies. Hell's hoard might be tracking him from dark horizons, and phantoms could be growing up out of the sand behind him, yet every time he searched the darkness, it was the ghost of the horse that he feared to see.
	For distraction he questioned himself. He started with the basic questions, and kept asking them, trying to force an answer to crawl out from under the worthless rock that he seemed to have for a brain. Soon, he was arguing with himself like a lunatic, and becoming increasingly critical and angry.
	"Mmmm forget.... Don't know.... Can't remember...."
	Was he shy or friendly? Did he have any hobbies or interests? What sort of food did he like to eat? Was he a good person or a bad person? Had he murdered anyone lately?
	He shrugged, trying to laugh. All he could remember were his most recent daydreams, which took on an importance of their own in the absence of anything else to remember. Each daydream felt increasingly real each time it was recalled, a process that was probably not conducive to sanity.
	Yet, if he was going to die, was not insanity an unavoidable part of the process of dying? A brain would not stop instantly, if would expired area by area, and madness would— "No. That would mean that nearly everyone in the afterlife would be as crazy as I am."
	He slapped his forehead and wagged his finger in the air. "Such thoughts could steal the faith from a Priest." Where had that thought come from? Why a Priest? He could not remember ever seeing one. His own mind had become most irritating to have to listen to. There was absolutely no reason why he could not allow himself nice daydreams. If he didn't invent some relief, his own company was likely to kill him.
	He pictured an oasis, with lapping water glistened in sunlight—a gentle and peaceful sanctuary where he could recover, in safety. Yet, his dreams were as vulnerable as flowers in a desert, and his despair continually blasted away the sweetness of the image. Unlike his other, more menacing daydreams, the vision of an oasis could not take root.
	Meanwhile, his feet ploughed a furrow through the sand, sowing endless seeds of despair....

~~~~~

	Again he was awoken by the sun's heat. Yet he did not remember falling asleep, or lying down. He had been dreaming of falling, and then rising—yes, always rising, always rising. How much of the night had he wasted with his head buried in sand-dreams?
	Yet he had gained a precious new memory, a memory of a beautiful dream. A girl-child had been skipping toward him as if the desert was merely a playground. In her smile had been the answer to all things, as if this journey had happened for a reason, as if life had meaning. She had been a golden child, full of gentle wonder, and her smile had lifted his soul.

~~~~~

	That golden child was not without worries of her own. Her blonde hair clawed at her shoulders, every hair conspiring to curl inward at exactly the angle necessary to prickle her sensitive skin.
	Long hair was an affliction that she alone had to endure, being the only female child in her village. It was an unfairness that the grown-ups had never satisfactorily explained. Long hair was such a nuisance, forever interrupting her thoughts, and she was always smacking the stuff out of her face when she needed to concentrate.
	Today was a day for serious concentration indeed. Today she had a duty that no other child in the village even knew about. It was a mighty burden, but one she took very seriously. She was remembering her lost friend by talking to his departed soul. In fact, this lost friend was her only friend.
	God was not her friend today. Yes, today she hated God, and she was probably never going to talk to Him ever again! She had wasted a whole night doing just that, and He had not answered once—as usual. He never did, and she was extremely irritated with herself for having expected Him to care.
	She smacked at her hair. "Crazymutt will never come back. Why do I have to keep hoping?" Here she was, still wandering around on her own, and still hoping that God would change His mind and return her friend to her. By now, God would probably think that she was too stupid to be alive.
	The sun was warm on her back, an ever present reminder of her mother's annoyingly frequent warnings. "Don't you go playing out in the desert, young lady. You will burn your face." Along with blonde hair she had to put up with fair skin. It was just one more unfairness that God, in all His wisdom, had bestowed upon her.
	"Blah, blah, blah, young lady." She forced herself to keep walking. Her attention was not totally consumed by God's unfairness, she wasn't being defiant just for the sake of it.
	In the distance she had noticed a white sheet that seemed to have escaped from her world so that it could wander around in the desert. It might be something that had fallen off her mother's clothes-line and blown away without anyone noticing, such things did happen now and then.
	She glanced back over her shoulder, squinting at the familiar outline of trees against blue sky. She was quite proud of her braveness, this was the furthest she had ever escaped. That oasis could be so boring, sometimes it felt like a prison.
	She bit at her lower lip and shrugged. "But I'm not that far out in the desert, Mother. Besides, I'm out here rescuing your silly sheet." However, her conscience had finally overtaken her and it had forced her to stop in mid-skip. This was a frustrating predicament; she really ought to go back.
	The sheet was still some way off. She craned her neck and curled her fingertips, imagining that she was peering over the top of an invisible fence. The gusts of wind did not seem to coincide with the movement of the sheet—in fact, the sheet was rolling toward the village and the wind should be pushing it away. Was there something inside it?
	This reminded her of the day when her Uncle Spurius had ridden into the village, carrying the gift that had been beyond her wildest requests. It too had been wrapped in a white sheet, because it had been so very sick. She had been its nurse for every day and night that it had remained alive.
	No other puppy could ever be as sweet as Crazymutt had been, but if this was another sick puppy, she would try again, no matter how useless a nurse she might still be. Nobody else in the village cared about puppies. They had not let her give Crazymutt a proper funeral, and Decimus had told her that animals could not go to Heaven because Heaven was only for people. She hated to think where else Crazymutt might have ended up. Then it occurred to her.
	"God? Are you sending Crazymutt back to me?" she asked nervously, jerking her chin upward, but continuing to stare at the sheet. She suddenly regretted those many occasions in which she had told Him—in no uncertain terms—how angry she was with Him.
	He had taken Crazymutt away, and of course an explanation would have been essential before she could ever think of forgiving Him for that. "Oh God, did you let 'Mutty come back to life again?"
	At that thought, the invisible fence collapsed beneath her without daring to resist, and she stumbled several times in her haste to rescue her dying puppy. "I'm coming, 'Mutty! Please don't die again, I'm coming...."
	Her legs stiffened, her arms outspread, "It's a person!"
	Her lips had formed the words but hardly any sound had come out. Unable to step closer, and unable to run away, she stood on the tips of her toes, as if nailed to the sky.

~~~~~

	"Mmmmaybe crazy, but—" But this precious dream was so hard to ignore, and all too easy to listen to.
	"You know Crazymutt?"
	"Huh?"
	"You just said ‘maybe Crazymutt', but you were mumbling and you didn't properly finish your sentence."
	The child's melodic tones forced him to lift his face out of the sand, which gave him the pain of stretching dry skin. He was unable to smile at the vision before him. "Ahhh, an angel...in my head."
	Yet, there were no angels where he was going; his mind was merely mocking him. He remembered that he was supposed to have flies in his head, and his destiny was to be lonely forever. This was just the insane dream of a dying mind.
	The child stamped her foot. "I don't understand. You are mumbling too much. Did you say you were an angel? You don't look like one. How am I supposed to believe you? What evidence do you have? Show me your wings. What were you going to say about Crazymutt?"
	He had not expected such an interrogation at this point in his daydream. There certainly seemed to be a lot of questions hovering around him these days. "Is—?" No, he was only talking to himself, but this dream was so compulsive. It seemed to pour life into his chest, as if helping him to push out words, and it squeezed at his heart so that his words had to be pushed out anyway. "Is that Heaven?"
	"No, that is Summerdale, silly! Are you trying to get back to Heaven? You must have fallen out of it, and you left your wings behind. I was praying all night, you know, even though Mommy told me I had to go to sleep. I thought it would be all right to pray, though, because God is boss over Mommy, right? It was all right to pray, wasn't it?
	"Yes, it must have been, because you are here, aren't you! Tell me about Crazymutt, is he happy in Heaven? They wouldn't help me with his funeral, and I didn't know the proper words. Decimus said that only people go to Heaven, but puppies can go to Heaven too, can't they? That's what you came to tell me, isn't it? Crazymutt is in Heaven, right?"
	"Heaven?" His unfocused eyes could barely discern the child's soft features before they blurred into a golden halo. If this really was a girl-child, and not an angel, then she was the most angelic girl-child he could imagine. He held his hand out toward her, blinking to restore his focus, but she was gone.
	The most rational conclusion was that she had been part of a daydream, but there was one advantage to being crazy. He did not have to accept rational conclusions if he did not want to. If he wanted to, he could believe that somewhere, in this Hell, he would meet an angel from a heavenly oasis.
	"Oooh, buzz away!" He tried valiantly to swat at the evil sun that swam beside him. He continued to kick his feet into the sand, an endless rhythm that was somehow important because it had once had a purpose. What that purpose had been he did not know, but it had once had something to do with escaping from something...flies, perhaps.
	Hell, a place where there was nobody to talk to except oneself, and where a soul was forever alone! Yes, this had to be Hell because even ghost-flies became dust if he turned to them for company. Where were all the other sinners?
	"Hey, man! Do you need a ride?"
	What kind of crime could he have committed that would damn him to such loneliness? Was this entire desert merely a nightmare that a fly on the other side of sleep could pierce and end, or was this impossible ocean real? How long had he been standing here now, wrapped in this sheet, waiting to go—to go where? Go nowhere, it seemed. Did it matter? Being a nobody, he could have nowhere to go.
	"Hey, man! Can't you hear me?"
	"Who am I?" In the beginning it had been just one of the many nagging questions, an insignificant little irritation among a general buzz of confusion. It had fluttered around inside him, like a fly in a cloud, but it should not have been there. Thoughts were not supposed to be this annoying, yet this one had grown into an overpowering vexation. This particular  question was sucking its sickly meal from his brain, and its tickle had become painful. Yet, no matter how often he scratched his matted hair, the itch only became worse.
	"Hey, man?" Man—man—man.... The reverberating word was not his own and its echo finally cracked his chattering like a gavel in a chaotic court.
	He looked up, suspiciously, expecting to see a fly, but it was a nostril. A large dusty nostril, lined on the inside with rough black skin, and on the outside with short, brown, stubby bristles. Further away, blurred by distance, the nostril's owner presented a large sleepy eye that seemed quite uninterested in him.
	"I said do you need a ride...died...died...died?" The thick hairy lips had ground sideways once, enough perhaps to form one more reverberating word, but hardly enough to form such a long and complicated sentence.
	"No, not you!" He pulled away. "You died! I killed you."
	The animal did not look impressed. "What is wrong with you, fellow? You look like you just saw a ghost. Are you afraid of my camel, or can't you see...hee...hee...?" The animal tossed its head back haughtily. Then an unfocused shape thumped down beside it. As the shape stepped forward it became a robe-enveloped giant with a hood that seemed to stretch and reach over him as he again fell back into the sand.
	This time he was happy to fall, because the dark coolness that he was descending into was beyond Hell's reach. He was relaxing into a soothing nothingness that did not condemn him for not being...for not being...not....
	"Being hmmm...?"


A3: BEING HUMAN

	A7 did not find his new epidermis to be as comfortable as his old one, and it looked more...artificial. It had been difficult to persuade the gods to let him put a layer of clothing over it, and this stiff white uniform would itch him constantly until his new skin became more familiar.
	He did not like to be naked, but the gods had no understanding of modesty, especially from androids. They understood so few of the emotions that he had learned during his mission to that beautiful planet, and quite frankly, emotions were not something that androids should be able to have. Perhaps when the gods dissected him they would find an answer to that question, and perhaps he would remain alive long enough to understand their answer; but it was unlikely.
	There were other androids in this seedship, moving statues, tools of the gods for maintaining this lifeless environment. Those androids did not think as he did, there was no kinship there. Clothing made him feel so much less...like and android.
	He glanced upward. His reflection was framed within god27's oracle, which had been sliding along the ceiling above him like a giant, wet slug, positioning to flop down upon him. He had been doing his best to avoid being followed, but there were few places in a seedship where a god could not go.
	Yes, he had often considered exploring those corridors that radiated out toward the ruptured energet bins. However, he was not yet desperate enough to approach an uncontained energet swirl.
	god27: "Explain why you wish this god to address you by a different name."
	He glanced up again. "Well, it just sounds more friendly, that's all. Names are friendlier than numbers. A7 sounds, hmmm, like a prisoner, I suppose."
	god27: "Explain the sound a prisoner makes."
	"No, I mean A7 sounds like...I mean, as if I am...." A7 was a name that he wanted to forget. He shook his head and groaned, while his own confused reflection looked back at him from within its stiff uniform.
	It looked much bigger than he felt and he decided to change the subject. "So, am I supposed to meet with your surviving creatures today?"
	god27: "Android-Human Eight-Three and Human Six-Six-Six are both consuming nutrients in replenishment facility nineteen-four."
	"Did you just say that one of them is an android-human?"
	god27: "Affirmative."
	"Tell me, what is an android-human?"
	god27: "An android-human is an inorganic vessel-body containing genetically enhanced organs which—"
	"You took pieces from an artificially created human brain, and put them inside an android body?"
	god27: "Affirmative."
	"And you pumped its body full of medic-ants?"
	god27: "It is not necessary to install Anatomic Nano-Technology Suites into the inorganic segments of a vessel body. Only the organic segments were blended with nano-suites."
	He clenched his fists but his entire body was shaking. "If your name for that creature is Android-Human Eighty-Three, am I then to suppose that were there eighty-two previous versions of it?"
	god27: "Negative. The last incubation batch contained two thousand attack-humans. Only one thousand of these were converted into android-humans. Those that achieved their training objectives were selected for the pending mission. The unsuccessful android-humans were dismantled and placed into dark storage."
	"You chopped up a thousand innocent minds?"
	god27: "Affirmative."
	He covered the top of his head with his hands. "So your failures remain dead until you put them back together and warm them up again—or did you recycle them to feed—no, don't answer that."
	He tried to recompose himself as he followed the slug down the brilliantly glowing corridor toward the replenishment facility. He was heading for what he knew would be another unpleasant meeting, and he did not want his horror to be visible when he confronted the result of the gods' experiments.
	He would need all of his concentration because both of these monsters would be as cold and dangerous as the gods themselves. Yet courage was not required so that he could cope with coldness, it was required to cope with a far worse outcome; the possibility that he might see in them the remains of innocence; trapped children crying for someone to care.
	The two unfortunate creatures were both sitting opposite each at a table. They did not turn to look at him as he walked in; instead, they sat motionlessly, staring straight into each other's eyes. They were surrounded by rows and rows of identical tables, all empty.
	There wa also a row of black oracle, perforating one of the brilliant walls, like portholes, windows into endless night. He walked past them, trying not to let his gaze fall into any of them, but he was peripherally aware of his own reflection leaping from one oracle to another like a fleeing insect.
	He slowed approached the two men, and then coughed as quietly as he could. They were both chewing with the same rhythm, like mirror images of each other. Both wore the same white combat armor, and both had the same dark stubble on their scalps. They both lacked facial expression, but their faces were not at all similar. In fact, their faces were far less similar than he had expected them to be, they were obviously not cloned from the same DNA-batch. Of course, one of them had been extracted from the android-human batch, and the other's batch—was the other individual almost human?
	He guessed that the larger of the two bodies belonged to the android-human. If so, the android-human's features were fixed in permanent disdain, narrowing its eyes into an intense squint. In such a severe frame, this squint gave the android-human the semblance of a man in constant agony.
	Both of them stopped chewing at exactly the same time. He knew that these men could not share thoughts directly, they were not capable of oneness. Such a capability would allow the enemy seedship to take mental control of them, but silent signs did seem to be passing between them.
	It was the human who stood up, as if obeying silent orders from the android-human. Although the human was slightly smaller than the android-human, it was no less intimidating. A7 found himself retreating a few steps.
	The huge man's face contained strangely colored irises, silver-blue, almost metallic. Were those eyes natural? They did not look human; those eyes were boring into him as if sharpened for exactly that purpose.
	"I am the human," the man stated flatly.
	"Oh?" He smiled back uncomfortably. "I guessed right then. I didn't mean to stare, but...yes, I was wondering. You are very, ah—big?"
	"My designation is Human Six-Six-Six. The android-human has designation Android-Human Eight-Three."
	"Pleased to meet you both, but—ah—do you suppose that we could call each other something more—ah—friendly?"
	There was no answer to this, not a single twitch of their rigid faces. He could see by their newly grown hair that they were almost ready for their impending mission; they had stopped using hair-retardant a while ago, but their hair still looked as stiff as their unsmiling faces.
	He tried again. "You can object to this suggestion, if you wish, but I think we will all feel better if we have names instead of numbers. Now, let's see. Perhaps you, the human, would like to be called Chislon. It means ‘hope'. Meanwhile, your silent friend here, you can be called Syntyche, which means, ‘he that speaks', yes?"
	He tried to smile at the android-human, but the joke was obviously not appreciated. "So...hmmm. Chislon and Syntyche, how is that?" The silence continued. "Also, when somebody gives you something, you can say thank you." He waited, realizing after a while that he should probably have made the instruction to say thank you a little more explicit.
	Chislon continued to stare, without blinking. "Question."
	"What? Oh, certainly, questions are good. You don't need to ask whether you can ask, just ask—if you see what I mean." He shook his head. In an anxious mind, words could have serious limitations.
	"Why did Neariah assume that you were an angel?"
	"Who? What? Oh, I don't think...it was...hmmm. Not all names mean...what names mean is that, well, yes, Neariah...."
	He cleared his throat and hid his mouth in his palm, trying to conceal his fear. The mention of her name sent shivers through his new epidermis, and now the walls felt as if they were moving closer to him. It was not a name that belonged in this environment. He did not want to discuss her with these heartless creatures.
	His mission report was now eighteen years old, but it contained information about the Ixis that would be relevant to a subsequent mission. So, consequently, he should have expected the gods to make his report available to this crew. 
	Yet the gods had dismissed his report as nonsensical. His mission had taught him to love storytelling, so he had recorded his adventures as one might paint a dream. Hence, The Summerdale Archive—as he had fondly called it—was a gentle tale about a drop of Heaven in an unnatural Hell.
	It had been therapeutic to tell it this way, because it helped him to understand his sense of loss upon leaving that magical place. Given the verbal imaging he had used, he could only guess how much of his report these creatures might have understood; probably even less than the gods, or so he hoped.
	The sharp-eyed human had closed its eyes. "Everything means something. Everything has reason. Are you an angel?"
	"No, of course not." He tried to read something in the pale face, but the face could have belonged to a dead man. "And besides, I'm not so sure that everything has a reason. Sometimes we just do things, despite all reason."
	He glanced at the row of oracles. "Perhaps even the gods could be unreasonable, under the right conditions, of course. Do the gods often gather like that, these days?"
	"Affirmative."
	"Please use the word, ‘yes'. Don't ever say ‘affirmative'. You are not supposed to sound like...machines. Words will be one of your most important tools for social interaction, words and facial expressions."
	"Many Genome Origination Devices monitor trainee behavior at all times."
	"Yes, but why so many of them? Don't they share each other's eyes, I mean oracles, anymore?" There was no answer, and he began to wonder if he would ever be able to have a normal conversation with these men. He tried another approach. "How does it feel, to be watched?"
	"We do not feel."
	"Is that so? If you try to imagine feelings, would they seem good or bad?"
	"Good and bad are relative concepts which require social norms that do not exist in this—"
	"Irrelevant." It was the android-human that had spoken, but it had been a whisper. Chislon was staring at his colleague with wide eyes—almost a facial expression—but Syntyche was not returning the stare. It was the android-human's turn to keep his eyes closed.
	"Were you trying to answer my question, Syntyche?" He smiled hopefully. "More words might avoid ambiguity. Do you mean that your own feelings are irrelevant, or that the gods make you feel irrelevant? Perhaps you are less shy of feelings than our Chislon, here. Come, speak up, be brave."
	"This unit is not human. This unit has no emotions. This unit feels no physical pain. What use is bravery to this unit?"
	"Ah, yes, that is an interesting perspective. Perhaps, if you ever do allow yourself to feel, you will understand why bravery is useful. Sometimes feelings can be an advantage."
	"Humans are weak. Human Six-Six-Six is exploring areas of weakness that will affect its ability to perform adequately."
	"He looks fine to me. Tell me, Chislon, why is your friend Syntyche feeling so irritated?"
	"I wish to understand kindness." Chislon was staring at Syntyche with a continuation of his wide-eyed gaze, only this time the eyes sparkled.
	A7 swallowed hard, trying not to imagine the small child trapped within the huge man's subconscious. He heard himself muttering: "Where people felt a giving trade, sharing a community, and thus to fade the lonely shade, abdicate immunity...."
	He stopped himself. "Ah, that was just a verse, about someone, somewhere else." He shrugged, then tried to break into humor. "Kindness, yes, certainly. We have six days left before your shuttle launch. Who knows, there might even be enough spare time to teach you how to be kind warlords, if war and kindness are not contradictory objectives."
	He laughed, but not for long because the two creatures were staring into his mouth as if they thought he was turning himself inside out. "Hmmm. I can see that the two of you have much to learn about life."


A4: NEW LIFE

	No-name was no longer in the desert, he was under a different sun. A floating flame had drawn him up out of his dreamtime onto a small raft of reality. He was lying on a bed, staring up at a burning candle.
	The candle-pot hung from a slender thread, rotating slowly, splashing a small pool of yellow light around a sharp, black ceiling-hook. The pot was made from shards of orange glass, held together with glimmering wire mesh.
	His attention remained drawn to the creature that he imagined inside the candle pot because its antics seemed so human. The desperate sprite resembled life itself, because life was also a losing battle. The flames struggle was its only purpose, such a sad life, born condemned yet always rising, always rising....
	The flame was not to blame, its pain was insane. Shriveled and convulsing, the source of all light had become a mere flicker of hope, spluttering in its airless cell. Yet he knew that it would soon reach out toward the empty shelves, and for a moment it would wave gloriously upon the walls.
	The flame's passion seemed all the more valiant, given all the pain that it so obviously endured. Yes, he was a coward compared to that hysterically laughing flame, and although he knew that he should follow its example, he just lay still and stared at it. He had only just come to terms with the queasiness of moving his own eyeballs. Moving his limbs would require more bravery than he cared to contemplate at this moment, and he preferred to lie still indefinitely. It was, if nothing else, peaceful—well, almost peaceful.
	He could still hear or feel that constant fly-buzz in his head, that gnawing sensation of having forgotten something. Of course, that "something" became more important as he tried to remember what it was, until, as an added bonus, the word "something" lost all meaning in the absence of anything to remember. Sometimes it was better not to think at all.
	One of the flame's walls seemed to slice apart. "Such ill will. I do not understand their distrust."
	This invasion was intimately unsettling to his womb-like surroundings, yet there was reassurance in the man's muttering that provided just about enough of an excuse for No-name to remain motionless.
	No-name held his breath, trying not to panic, as the clinical opening revealed a figure in a hooded robe—a figure that had been plucked from one of his recent dreams. The figure hunched roundly within the rectangle that framed it, and then muttered to itself again as the rose-wash patterns squeezed back together behind it. 
	"Ah, so, I see that you are alive again."
	He tried to ask whether he had been dead, but his voice had not yet returned.
	"Mind if I smoke?"
	It was a question that made very little sense. Was this man asking if he could set fire to himself, or did he mean that he was already on fire? Then he began to remember—outside were the fires of Hell, a Hell that an angelic girl-child had rescued him from.
	"My name is Hushah." The introduction sounded like a formality to be quickly thrown aside.
	Hushah jerked his head back, pushing back the hood of his cape. Then he jammed a white stick between his tightly stretched lips. The flick of a thumb against a finger caused a fleeting flash within his fist, followed by a line of smoke that marked the fist's passage up to his chin. The after-image left behind in the dark was that of a serious yellow face with finely chiseled yellow features and bright yellow eyes, sucking on a short yellow stick with an expression of severe distaste.
	As No-name's eyes readjusted, Hushah could be seen to be examining his smoldering stick with tight lips slowly blowing a creeping smoke-curl around it. Then he twirled the stick, end over end, between his fingers. He seemed to have a reluctant familiarity with this process, and after a few more painful sucks he sighed with relief as he pushed it into the candle pot.
	No-name shrugged minutely. "Sad flame."
	Hushah looked at him with wide eyes, then laughed through his nose uncertainly. This laugh became a cough that slipped out in purple swirls to layer itself around the candle pot.
	"Oh, the smoke. Yes, smoking is an unfortunate affliction. My brother, Spurius, brought back a crate of those damned smoke-sticks as part of his last shipment from Erebus. I'm sure that Spurius had no idea what an affliction they were going to become when he gave them to us, but we will all be giving them up soon enough.
	"Decimus told Spurius not to bring any more into the village, so we are just using up the last of them. They make you feel—ahhh—wise, but really they just make you feel more respect for your own imagination. Ugly things, aren't they?"
	Hushah approached the bed, appearing to grow larger. The increasing presence of smoke created a yellow hue around his yellow-blond hair, a hue that glowed in stark contrast to his now shadowy face. Hushah's weight on the side of the bed was altering the fundamental orientation of the world.
	"Mmmm.... Dizz-izzy." No-name was forced to remember how to use his limbs more urgently than he had intended, and he also felt the need to vomit.
	"Hey, relax, fellow!" Hushah leaned even closer, and—as if it should have been a surprise—there were more waves of dizziness waiting to join the ride. "Relax, nobody is going to hurt you."
	"Ugh...Dizz...." The dizziness—"to hurt you"—was inside him—"to hurt you"—and was spinning him around the room—"to hurt you". He planted his hands into the bed sheets and closed his eyes. Thus rooted, he waited helplessly.
	"Here, drink this." A jug floated past his eyes, and water fell onto his chest. "Are you all right?" Hushah leaned over him so closely that he seemed to have become a giant eye. "No, of course you're not, how could you be? How long were you wandering around in the desert getting your brain cooked? You walked out of the desert. Do you remember?
	"Mmmm...?" He could remember a talking camel.
	"I carried you here. We are in an oasis called Summerdale, where I live. This is my home. You have been unconscious for two whole days. We do not have a doctor in Summerdale, so I was going to send for one, but, ah—you see, it takes ten days to reach Everdale, and Decimus didn't think—but I could still get a doctor, though, if you need one." Hushah stood up suddenly, causing the bed to bounce again. "There is no need to wait for Spurius to return from Erebus—"
	"Oooh!" No trouble.... Sleep, mmmm...?" The dizziness was swimming in and out of his ears as if it carried his mind with it, leaving a strange humming emptiness, a lack of something—something important.
	"Who am I?" The room returned to focus, showing Hushah being ushered out by a woman who was carrying blankets. Both individuals turned around slowly, as if his question had just reached them after a long delay.
	"I told you, Moserah," Hushah whispered defensively, "I told you he's awake!"
	The woman floated over him and her hand moved across his forehead. He flinched, but her touch was so gentle that it did not carry the expected nausea.
	"Don't you know who you are?" The sympathy in her voice seemed to support his desire to feel sorry for himself. "I'm sure you will remember soon. Sleep and soup. That is what you need. May God be thanked; it is a miracle that you are alive. Yet, here you are, awake enough to start chatting with my husband as if you had also been drinking too much wine."
	She floated away, but the blankets that she had been carrying landed in Hushah's arms like a heavy load, pushing Hushah backward. The two of them shared a prolonged glance that caused Hushah to frown.
	Then Hushah grunted and dumped the blankets on the floor between his feet. He grunted again, this time at the blankets, before he picked them up and followed Moserah out, shaking his head and muttering to himself.
	As No-name drifted into sleep, he dreamed that he could hear many voices competing with each other. Hushah was trying to explain who a mysteriously evil stranger might be. No-name wanted to listen, he too wanted to know the answers, but the voices just seemed to drift away.

~~~~~

	"No, Decimus, I already told you. I do not know who that man is, and he is still too weak to explain himself." Hushah was standing with his back to the bedroom door, and both hands were raised to hold back the questions. "There will be plenty of time for everyone to talk to him, after he recovers."
	The villagers seated around the kitchen table were surprised when Decimus suddenly agreed. "Yes, yes. We should all be more patient."
	Hushah knew that Decimus was secretly more irritated than his carefully reclined frame indicated. Decimus usually avoided any side of an argument that might end up being the losing side. In fact, Hushah had never seen Decimus lose an argument. Hushah's customary responsibility for keeping the peace was not normally this difficult, but then, Decimus was not normally this intoxicated.
	Hushah's mystery guest had been the subject of nearly every discussion in Summerdale for the last two days, yet Hushah was not one for gossip—unlike Decimus. All too often lately, Hushah had shaken his head as Decimus took idle speculation and turned it into another righteous policy for the village.
	Policy was Decimus' way of reminding everyone that he was the village Elder. Decimus was currently working on a village policy especially for mystery guests. The last policy entitled, "cannabis sativa weakens the soul", had forced everyone in the village to start smoking in secret, to protect Decimus from having to witness the "soul-destroying habit".
	The kitchen's inhabitants—Decimus, Cabul, Ginnetho and Jaalam—had all gathered for a news update from Hushah, and of course the indispensable "few" jugs of wine. Unfortunately, the warm courage in the wine had by now bestowed itself so generously upon Decimus that he had found an excruciatingly dramatic faith in his own sovereignty. Hushah could also see how the wine was eroding the deference that was normally contained by Decimus' audience. Cabul's deference was especially eroded, and he was not Decimus' favorite audience at the best of times.
	"Ah, liquor!" Decimus snapped his tongue. By changing the subject, he was indicating that they should no longer discuss the mystery guest. "Liquor is a mighty splendid vital, as essential to the spirit's well being as shoes are to tender feet. Well laced, a soul can assume warmth, yet tread the coldest paths. The Scriptures talk much of liquor...."
	No one quite cared which morsel of Scripture he might be chewing up this time, yet nor did they quite wish to appear unimpressed, so they nodded thoughtfully—it was customary to let Decimus continue his speech until he had almost killed everyone with boredom. "...and that was why God gave us grapes. Don't you agree, Jaalam?"
	Jaalam almost jumped out of his seat, spluttering, "Yes?"
	"I was referring," Decimus said with a sigh, "to the importance of wine in many of our divine ceremonies. For example, I assume that you still intend to have a wedding with that lady from Everdale, what is that lady's name?"
	Jaalam, a shy youth, squirmed in his seat as all eyes turned toward him. Hushah felt obliged to intervene. "Ah, leave him alone, everyone. I'm sure Jaalam will propose with fine style when he is ready. Decimus, did you not also find it intimidating when you used to go out courting?"
	Decimus was immediately filled with indignation, but his reply was swept away by Cabul's mumbled interjection. "She's a cow!" Cabul then dropped his forehead into his folded arms and snuffled back into silence.
	"I beg your pardon, Mr. Cabul?" Like a dragonfly, Decimus' insect-like features twitched with hungry curiosity.
	Hushah sat himself between Decimus and Cabul, and reached for the wine. "Cabul is not elegant with his words after a few wines, is he? Does anybody need a refill?"
	"One moment please, Hushah. I think we need to direct ourselves toward Mr. Cabul, here. What opinions about marriage do you wish to share with us, Mr. Cabul?"
	Ginnetho was chuckling expectantly, and Hushah frowned at him. He could never never understand why Ginnetho found entertainment in the ever-opposing natures of Decimus and Cabul. Every conversation between Decimus and Cabul created tension, they were rivals in every way. God could not have made two people with more opposite, and this fact was at the root of their mutual disgust with each other.
	Cabul, a short man with short arms and legs, took up very little of the table surface upon which he sprawled. He had exposed one eye and was grunting something about never finding a woman who could keep up with him.
	"Cabul!" Hushah looked around to see whether Moserah had returned; wine-drinking and foul words did not sit well with her, but then neither did Decimus or Cabul.
	Cabul ignored Hushah's warning, and ploughed on as if Decimus was not even present. "What does Mr. Decimus know, anyway? He left his family behind in Erebus, and he has never been back to see them since, has he? Why was that, heh? Did they believe in the wrong God?"
	Decimus walked his thin fingers up to Cabul's face, and leaned across the table. Cabul quickly retreated, leaning as far back as his chair would let him go without unloading him onto the floor. Hushah could see Decimus' sharp features twitching under the strain of anger, so he placed a hand on Decimus' arm and smiled up at him. Moserah would certainly overhear any raised voices.
	Decimus smiled back, and then took a deliberate breath and whispered, "Mr. Cabul, if I introduced your talking end to your face, your thin spine would probably snap. You smell of spiritual decay. You have a poisonous soul, and if you continue to vent it, I will be forced to take the matter to a higher authority." He pointed a sharp finger upward, as if to remind everyone of his proximity to God, then glowered fiercely at Cabul. Ginnetho raised his eyebrows and whistled silently.
	Suddenly, the bedroom door opened a crack, drawing everyone's attention. In the aukward silence, they all remained motionless, watching and being watched.
	Hushah self-consciously coughed. "Come in, come in."
	As everyone began to breath again, Hushah realized that there was no chair to offer his mystery guest. He immediately stood back from the table to offer his own.
	Cabul was whispering, "Ah, look at him. What a cute fellow he is, and he looks so frightened."
	Hushah aimed a stern glance at Cabul as he walked toward the door handle. As the door opened, the bent frame of his guest was revealed for all to see, and the guest promptly began to shuffle backward. "Don't be afraid, these are friends. Well, they are friendly at least."
	"Aye, some of us are." Decimus stood up and bowed. "But don't get too close to Mr. Cabul here. He smells ‘lived in', and he has the social graces of a rutting pig."
	Cabul shrugged. "We were joking with each other, just joking." He smiled uncertainly, showing an unusual politeness, then he lifted his jug as if to demonstrate that he was not at fault for his bravado. "This wine isn't as good for the mind as Decimus says, ah?"
	"Wh—what is...?" The stranger struggled, and Cabul stretched forward to catch the next words. "What is wine?"
	"Huh?" The smile dropped from Cabul's face.
	Hushah waved at the table, and laughed as casually as he could. "Oh, don't pay any attention to Cabul or Decimus. They don't mean any harm, except perhaps to each other. Make yourself comfortable. Here, we are drinking Red Rumble, the best wine in the village. It was only brought in from Erebus a few weeks ago, another gift from my brother, Spurius. It looks a little cloudy," he added, "but you get used to it. There is no hope that wine will last long enough in Summerdale to settle!"
	"Thank you, hmmm, don't need—"
	"So it seems!" Decimus was hunched, poised for the pounce. "Walking in the desert, without provisions or transport? What happened to you, and what in the world brings you through our oasis?" As Decimus leaned forward hands on hips, his thin elbows almost touched together behind his back, and his prominent Adam's apple bounced excitedly.
	The stranger was obviously struggling with an answer, which caused Decimus to twitch and then repeat his questions with more urgency. "It is a strange event, when someone walks through the desert. You will forgive our curiosity, good sir, but it must have been an ungodly misfortune that robed you of all of your traveling provisions."
	"Ah, this is Decimus, our Elder; he runs the bank and manages the village's accounts," said Hushah quietly.
	Yet, having made one introduction he then found himself introducing the other villagers as well, much to Decimus' annoyance. "Cabul here, ah, Cabul occasionally looks after the hogs and chickens. Young Jaalam doesn't say much, but he is the village painter. For example, he painted the words on the side of our—ah—Decimus' bank."
	"I make paintings." Jaalam tucked his hands under the table and his face glowed bashfully. "Artist," he added with a whisper.
	"Yes, I meant to say that Jaalam is an artist, of course, and Ginnetho, our gardener, grows excellent vegetables that Moserah, wherever she is.... You met Moserah earlier, my wife. She has made Summerdale famous for soup—ah, what was I thinking? Soup might be better for you than wine, in your present condition. Would you prefer soup to wine?"
	"Yes, of course he would." Decimus stretched to his full height. "Would you like to try some of our soup, Mr...? What did you say your name was?"
	"Hmmm...? Soup—"
	"Mr. Soup?" Decimus had no sooner said this than Ginnetho began laughing, and when Decimus scowled at him, the laughter became even more difficult to restrain. "This is not a laughing matter, Ginnetho! Without a name, a man is not a man. You can not trust a man who will not say who he is!"
	"Oh, forgive.... Mmmm.... Tired, I...." The stranger looked down helplessly and mumbled into his chest, "Whohhm I? Where? What? Humph...." There followed a long silence.
	"Ahem," began Decimus. "We are more than delighted to welcome you to our village, Sir. However, courtesy dictates that you introduce yourself. Will you tell us a few things about yourself, perhaps?" There was still no movement. "Like, a name, and what you are doing here?" Decimus leaned ever closer; he was beginning to lose his balance.
	"Ah—maybe—ah.... A7?" The stranger closed his eyes and the villagers quietly exchanged glances, waiting for further explanation. Unfortunately, none seemed to be forthcoming.
	Hushah wondered whether his guest could have fallen asleep in mid-sentence. He looked at Decimus, who was squinting. "Did that nameless man just say that he did not know where he came from?"
	Cabul's muffled voice: "No, Decimus, he is not nameless. He said his name was Aysevin. Are you deaf?" Cabul had not lifted his mouth out from the crook of his arm.
	Decimus tapped his fingertips together in time with his words. "He, doesn't, know, who, he, is." The fingers fluttered like an insect's antennae. "Hushah, did you see if there were any clues in his belongings?"
	"All he had was a white sheet, as I have already told you, many times."
	"Yes, yes, I remember, but this is all too suspicious. There have been too many strange things happening lately. First the traders stop coming, and then the storm, and then—"
	"Oh, Decimus," Cabul countered, "Now you want to blame this guy for the storm. Why can't you just be nice to poor Aysefil—or whatever he said his name was. He couldn't be evil, even if he tried. Look at him, he's harmless."
	Hushah looked at Aysefil and nodded. Harmless was exactly how the sleeping man looked, snoring gently with his head swaying on his chest and his arms hanging loosely by his sides.
	Decimus suddenly walked out, motioning to Hushah to follow. Hushah gently closed the door behind them and turned to watch Decimus arch upward to stare at the stars. Decimus was whispering as if in a private conversation with God. Then he nodded, and turned to face Hushah.
	"What if this man is insane? What if he belongs to the Ixis? Maybe he looks harmless, but who knows what trouble might have been following him. You know what Spurius says about the Ixis, how cruel they have become. They are making slaves of free people for the slightest of reasons. Do you think they will be any fairer with us? What do you think will happen to everyone if we are harboring one of their slaves?
	Hushah was shocked. "A runaway?"
	"Exactly! Or he could be one of those Outland warrior people, or a spy, running from capture. Do you know what the Ixis would do to us if that man is an Outlander, or some other enemy of the Empire? How do you know that he didn't just kill someone, perhaps a few days ago?
	"Yes, kill someone—don't look at me like that! Have you seen any traders this week? Don't you think he might have seen some, especially if he was also traveling along the Oasis Trial? What if the Ixis are on their way here, right now, Hushah? Why did you bring this man into our village?"
	Hushah rubbed his forehead. "What did you expect me to do? Leave him out there to die? Whatever his crimes may be, or may not be, he has a right to live as much as you or I."
	"Hushah, Summerdale is not big enough to hide him in, if the Ixis come. I do not like this!"
	"We have no reason to think—"
	"We have no reason? How many people do you know who have forgotten who they are? Is that not suspicious, Hushah?"
	"What? The fellow got cooked out there. You saw him when we brought him in. We can't start judging him without facts, and we certainly can't throw him back out there to die. He is my guest. I have an obligation to look after him, at least until he is well enough to leave. Surely, you can't object to that."
	Hushah was surprised by the frustration in his own words, but Decimus was plainly intoxicated and irrational. It was as if Decimus felt personally challenged by this particular stranger.
	"Hushah, that stranger spoke with your daughter only once, but it was enough to fill her mind with heathen nonsense about animals going to Heaven. Neariah even tried to convince me that the man is an angel. I do not appreciate this kind of talk from a child. I ignored it this time, but next time there will be consequences. Do not challenge me, Hushah. I am the Elder here, not you. I speak for the village, and I do not want that man living here."
	They stared at each other, Decimus' nose pushing ever closer, until Hushah eventually had to step back and pull himself free of Decimus' deathly grip. Immediately, Decimus covered his face with his hands as if he had been slapped, then he groaned in sudden prayer.
	Yet, Hushah could not bring himself to apologize. There could be no reasoning with Decimus while he was appealing to God for divine guidance, so Hushah retreated and shouldered himself back into the house.
	Inside, Hushah found himself staring down at wide-eyed faces. What had he just done? The expressions around the kitchen table indicated that enough had been heard to cause concern. Obviously they were still sober enough to appreciate the unpleasant problem that Hushah had just created for himself, and Ginnetho was offering him a sickly smile.
	"Ah, no worries." Hushah shook his head and shrugged off the nagging desire to go back outside to console Decimus. Besides, Decimus would likely have stamped away in a fit of rage by now, and Hushah did not feel like chasing after him.
	Something bad had happened to his relationship with Decimus, tonight, and it was going to be a cool day in Hell before Decimus forgave him. Yet, Aysevin was a guest in his home, and it was his duty to care for Aysevin, or Aysevfil, or what ever his damned name might be. What choice was there?

~~~~~

	It did not take long for the man with many names to become aware that he was being watched. He was moved out of Hushah's home and into his own, segregated space. The village had many one-room structures that they referred to as guest huts, but all of them were empty. The lack of visiting traders seemed to concern everyone, and an atmosphere of expectancy had settled around the one occupied geust hut.
	He had been staring out at the horizon through this hut's doorless exit all day, not knowing what he expected to see, but staring anyway. Now, drawn by the strange sounds of the gathering night, he had moved closer to the exit. The chirps and barks of small creatures, and the frictional beat of restless insects, made a curious buzzing harmony, which was not at all as unpleasant as the buzz that swam around in his empty head from time to time.
	There was a snake outside, one that he recognized as a sidewinder adder, and one that he knew a surprising amount about, given that he could not remember having seen one before. It had recently undulated across the sand to position itself where, no doubt, it too could watch him. It had then pushed itself into the sand so that only its highly set eyes protruded. It was late for this creature to be hunting, but it seemed to enjoy out-staring him, its fangs concealed, waiting.
	He knew that a sidewinder should not be a threat to those careful enough to notice it, and an unmistakable track of parallel lines sliced up to where its twisted coils lay hidden. Yet, the snake was eternally patient, and it was not long before a thorny devil lizard demonstrated bravery, or carelessness, by trying to walk over it.
	The thorny devil may have seemed confident in its mottled coat of spiny armor, with its stiffly proud walk, but it was really a soft and mild mannered creature, and no match for the adder. The adder had eaten recently; part of its body had been swollen, yet it did not need to be hungry to kill. It would bite out of habit, and then decide whether to follow the smell of its own venom at its leisure. He shuddered apprehensively and looked away, not wanting to see what might happen next.
	His other minder for the night was Cabul. The small man was also curled up nearby, but Cabul had chosen to squeeze himself into a cylindrical, stick-weave chair. Earlier, during the day, Cabul had dragged this chair, plus a whole loaf of bread, behind a row of gum trees. Decimus had not whispered as he had laid down explicit instructions.
	"Right, yes sir, Mr. Decimus, sir. So, I will sit right here and keep an eye on poor old Aysefic over there, and if he moves, do you want me to hurt him?"
	"Oh, don't be so asinine. Besides, why are you calling him Aysefic? It was Aysevin, wasn't it? No, it wasn't, it was nothing. We still don't know his real name, so let's not keep giving him new ones. He is a stranger until proven otherwise. You just keep your eyes open. Don't let anyone go too close to him."
	"How close is too close? What if somebody speaks to him, should I kill them too?"
	"Were you born this stupid? Do as I tell you, keep your eyes on him, and come and find me if he comes out."
	So, Cabul had been left in that unlikely hiding place, eating bread and keeping his eyes on him. However, as the evening drew longer, Cabul's eyes began to close, and his head started to sway with the rhythm of physically restrained breathing. 
	Unlike the snoring minder, there was no more sleep left in the mindee; and of that, the mindee was quite certain. He felt like a criminal as he watched Cabul perfecting his unlikely sleeping position, but now that Cabul was deeply asleep, he could at last look around. 
	This oasis seemed to hold such promise, it felt as if it could reveal untold secrets. It was a place where Nature reclaimed its territory, where so many living things defied the desert and where he could perhaps reclaim his identity. It also seemed to be a caring place, and he very much needed to feel cared for.
	In the trees above him the fox bats were preening their furry shoulders. His empty mind was suddenly filled with facts about fox bats. For example, he knew that they were named fox bats because they looked like surprised pups. He also knew that this had to be a particularly large oasis for them to choose to live here, and that there were many plant species that relied on such bats for seed dispersal.
	He smiled as he squinted up at them in the poor light, feeling an odd kinship with them. Fox bats were gentle, sensitive creatures, but like himself, they did not have a kind reputation. There was much etiquette for a young bat to learn, as it huddled within its social colony.
	He wondered whether he too had come from such a caring community. Then a cold breeze suddenly brushed over him, forcing him to blink and lose his focus, almost as if Nature was irritated by his thoughts.
	Dizzy, he heard the buzzing noise becoming louder, as if it was originating in the space between his eyes. Like a guilty conscience, anxiety became all-consuming as he floundered in his incompleteness.
	Deprived of any sense of purpose, he did not feel as if he belonged in this present place and time. The frustration made him claw at his cranium, as if he could physically reach in and pull out some understanding. His hands groped miserably through his dirty hair, pulling out nothing but formless tangles.
	He doubted that anyone could appreciate the soul-crushing panic, like the threat of falling, which comes from not even having a basic self to stand in. he could not help but feel betrayed, yet this disloyalty, this callous abandonment, had been a crime committed by himself upon himself....
	This was all so difficult to understand. What had happened? Why did he have to endure this buzzing, nagging guilt? What dreadful thing could he have done?
	This shiny surface before him seemed to be an instinctively appealing place to begin searching for his soul. It was a lake that seemed to pour unconditional love into everything that touched it. However, if this shiny lake held any clues to his origins, then he was too blind to see them in this lake.
	"Lake? Wh...?"
	The shiny lake flashed back into focus along with the recollection of a daydream about a mirror-like surface that could provide any answer he needed—a wishful daydream indeed. He drew in a long breath of cool, moist air, and laughed at himself.
	He remembered walking here, and sitting and listening, waiting for the lake to talk to him. Now, here he was, crouched around his arm-wrapped knees, still waiting; but it was morning already.
	Had there been something about this lake that had reminded him of a previous life? It was an overwhelmingly beautiful scene. The lake was a mellifluous turquoise upon which the sun's reflection fluttered joyfully. He could quite easily believe that this oasis was the most wonderful place in the world.
	He realized that he was perched on the smooth white bark of a fallen river red gum; a thick, majestic trunk that lay across a wide, muddy beach and dipped into the lake's ripples. He could not avoid the illusion that he was being carried by a tree-god, which was scooping water.
	Yet, how secure could this tree-god have felt when the termites and fungi began to eat away at its heartwood? Some of its fingers still reached up out of the water, still clinging to brown leaves as if to demonstrate the futility of hope after falling.
	Along the beach, he noticed a gray, furry creature. It was watching him with obvious distrust. Its long nose twitched nervously within a flower of exploding color and there was great urgency in its occupation. He supposed that the banksia blossom would not provide nectar if it did not want the honey-possum's company, but the honey-possum did not seem to have time to treat the banksias with respect. Soon the honey-possum was jumping away, as if it feared for its life.
	It was odd, how he knew the names of so many creatures, yet he could not remember his own. How could he know these creatures so well? For example, he knew that, despite its name, the honey-possum was not a true possum at all. It was a marsupial, the sole survivor of an ancient and mysterious evolutionary group that had suffered a unique isolation.
	"Isolation." Yes, he felt that word with the intimacy of one who must have spent much time alone. It was a frightening discomfort, wriggling through the frigid morning air and shivering through the fallen leaves, ushering the dirty colors of decay around him. He was now under the eye of a swirling wind trap, yet this was daytime in a desert. How could such cold temperatures suddenly find him in here?
	It felt as if this deathly inclemency was being poured down upon him alone, from on-high. Leaf-litter fluttered over his upturned face from the canopy above. Mottled shapes pirouetted exquisitely, sliding acrobatically over barely touched branches. He pushed his hand up to hold away the annoyingly cheerful, gold light that flashed between the copper tones, but he could not hold his focus. Squinting, he watched his fingers as they dissolved in the brilliance of a rising sun that was licking between them—and then a tiny angel kissed his palm!
	His hand closed reflexively, and something delicate snapped in his fist. It produced a physical shock so closely akin to his thoughts of death and destruction that he dreaded to see what he might have done. Without daring to exhale, he lowered his fist and carefully opened his fingers. The angel crumbled, its spine was crushed, and a gold emblazoned wing tumbled gently over the side of his thumb and lost itself among the fallen.
	He struggled to find meaning in his uncontrollable imagination, a reason for his raging guilt. Nature's winds had to be telling him something. Were they spinning around him to say that he did not belong here, that he had cheated his destiny by not dying alone, in the desert.
	Did Nature have the same opinion of him as the villagers, and did Nature also want him to leave this sanctuary? Was it selfish to want to spend more time here? Was there really something evil inside him? If he was evil, could he not learn to be a good person? Couldn't somebody teach him what a good person might be?
	Yet if Nature was disturbed by him, then certainly these villagers—who had saved his life and shown him such hospitality—certainly they did not deserve to have such a worry as he in their lives. He had a past out there that he knew he would have to go back and rediscover, unless that past came in here to find him first—he shuddered.
	There was another loud buzzing sound, only this time it was coming from down beneath him. Grasping his legs more tightly, he peered over the edge of the tree trunk. Concentric rings of water framed a fat toad, and it smiled—being wetly content with its world. It was a water-holding toad, so named for its ability to fill itself while it hibernated between flash floods, and this lake must seem like an unusually generous flash flood to the toad. No wonder it was so content.
	It was easy to imagine that the toad had deliberately interrupted his concentration. He inspected it with his head slightly tilted to one side, as the little animal arrogantly plopped closer. The creature also tilted its own head to one side, a most unusual action for a toad. It buzzed again, as its throat swelled like a bubble, and its grin boasted its pleasure at being a toad. Then it wiped the mud from the entire side of its face with its long webbed hand. 
	In his mind's eye he was looking up at himself and laughing at the self-wrapped person above. "Why do you look so unhappy all the time?" he was buzzing toadishly. "I am only a toad. I have a simple mind. You think things that I can never understand. Yet, I am wiser than you, because I know how to live. You look as if you only know how to die."
	Another hop closer, and the toad disappeared into a shallow pool of water almost directly below his precarious perch. He leaned further forward, as much as he dared, fascinated by the confidence in the creature—just in time to watch the jumping water ringlets between him and its wise brown head settle into a mirror-like surface.
	"Hmmm?" There was a very odd reflection forming below him. A green canopy oscillating around a messy white.... For the life of him, he could not recognize that picture.
	"Oh dear!" The reflection was visibly taken aback. It was looking up at him with a mix of horror, confusion and pity.
	He reached down to touch the reflection, but at the touch it dodged away from focus. His fingers dripped fluffy silver sparkles as he lifted them to feel his hairy cheeks, his hairy forehead, his hairy scalp.... He pushed cold fingertips into his eyelids to restrain an escaping thought, but it was not enough.
	"I am ugly...." His lips were even concealed by his long hair and, apart from his eyes, there was no other area of exposed skin on his face.
	The image slowly reformed itself—adding more unpleasant details every passing moment—becoming a tangled mass of white fibers. He watched himself pull experimentally at his wild beard to see if he had a chin.
	This was not fair. He did not feel as old as the reflection looked. In fact, it looked as if it had seen a million centuries go by, a resigned observer who carried the accumulated sadness of ages past. Exactly what the observer was truly observing was not clear, because one eye stared back at him in dismay, while the other wandered absently with a mind of its own.
	He closed the eye that was staring back at him so apologetically, and immediately his vision shifted. His wayward gaze had settled upon a floating leaf, a boat for a lonely creature that had drifted out into the vastness of the open water, an insignificant and stranded soul. Seeing this brought guilt, a pressing need to rescue the desperate insect, but also an equally pressing need to avoid interfering with Nature. Such a conflict inside him was beyond his wounded mind to resolve and he hesitated uselessly.
	As intensely as he could, as if it would help the creature, he imagined himself reaching out to it and lifting it to safety. Abruptly there was a loud "Plip!", and the toad reappeared above the water, sneering. The little creature had disappeared from its boat, and the toad was happily swallowing.
	Repelled, he shook his head, and tried to stand up. His feet slipped, and he slapped down into the puddles below. The toad launched itself further into the lake, evidently as surprised as he was by his undignified decent.
	"I thought you would look more important."
	"Wh...?" He rolled over onto his knees, almost sliding face-first into the mud.
	"Yes, more important, like Decimus, when the traders arrive." It was a child.
	"Decimus...?"
	"Yes, you should look important, but you keep falling over. Did you drink too much wine?"
	"Wine?"
	She frowned at him, probably because she was irritated that he would repeat everything like a complete idiot. Yet, in his own defense, he was a little too busy separating his body from the slime to be able to concentrate on what he was saying.
	"You always seem to be falling. Three days ago you fell out of Heaven. Do you remember that?"
	So, this had to be that girl-child in the desert. "Ah, yes—"
	"I knew it! I knew you were an angel, but nobody would believe me! Anyway, I'm Neariah. Mommy says I shouldn't talk to you because you don't have a name. You are very dirty but you can't be a bad man." Her tone had softened suddenly.
	"I can't?" Her statement seemed so nestled with assurance that he almost begged her to explain why.
	"No, of course not. You came from Heaven, silly."
	"I don't—"
	"If you had a name, I'd be allowed to talk to you, wouldn't I?" The question must have been rhetorical, because she did not give him time to answer. She seemed to be in a great hurry to explain her conviction.
	"You have to have a name, otherwise I can't tell you what to say to Crazymutt. He was my puppy, and he died, but you already knew that, because that is why you are here, isn't it. Cabul says your name is Azoic, or something like that, and Daddy says it is Aysefen. Everyone has a different name for you, Decimus says you are Lucifer—he was a bad person in the Scriptures, I think—but Decimus only says stuff like that because he doesn't want anyone to like you.
	"Anyway, I could give you a nice name, if you want me to. It just doesn't seem natural to go around without a name." She eyed him sideways, placing her hands on her hips as if to convey the importance of a confession, and then she began tapping her foot as if she found waiting painful.
	The expression on her face jerked a response out of him that was somewhere between a laugh and an apology. The child's voice was like music, but her urgency tumbled his thoughts out faster than his mouth could form words to manage them.
	"My words, dizzy...."
	"That's all right. I can understand you quite well enough, and it is not surprising that you can't remember your name since you probably bumped your head quite badly. It is a long fall, from Heaven, you know. That's why angels have wings—oh, except for you of course. I suppose that you must be in disguise, but don't worry, nobody else believes in you like I do, so your true identity can be our secret, if you want. It must be difficult for you, having to walk all the time, though."
	"I'm not...." His sentence seemed to die on him as he looked at her. It was so tempting to allow her to think that he was something more than a nobody. "I'm not...an angel."
	Neariah stared at him in silence, her face becoming creased, and her teeth pressing into her bottom lip. He wondered if there was something more he could say to make up for failing her expectations. He could only imagine what she must be thinking of him, the words "puppy murderer" came to mind as he wiped his hands together and looked around at the mud.
	"I should go," she whispered, and she turned around and ducked into the undergrowth.
	He was left kneeling in the mud, with his hands wrung together, unsure of what he should do. Not far from him, a creeping dune slumped between two tilted rafts of sandstone. The eternal sand, far mightier than a mere lake, was pouring its alien form into the water. A vertical cliff of dust was continually slipping into rudely churned, brown foam. Even here, in the heart of Nature's sanctuary, the desert crept in to destroy life.
	A crimson chat swooped down and took up water on the wing, carving a long "v" through the still water with a delicately dipped beak. The lake knew nothing of scars; it merely lay and reflected. Unlike himself, it was an observer that did not feel the pain of all it saw.
	He should not have let her just walk away like that. He should have been friendlier—it was not as if he had a surplus of friends. Besides, this little girl was special. She had saved him, and she was the only one who had ever looked him in the eye and touched his soul. She had told him, eye to eye, that he was not a bad person. She seemed able to interpret his broken speech better than he could understand it himself. Yes, this little girl was special, and he had to find her again.
	At first it had been a simple challenge to follow the path that she must have taken, because it was conveniently well defined. In fact, it proceeded along in such a deceptively casual manner that he was dismayed when the path reached a large round boulder, and terminated without a reasonable excuse.
	After some careful deliberation, he navigated around the boulder, only to find a bewildering diversity of tracks, any one of which could have been the continuation of the young girl's route. Each track looked less inviting than the other, and he labored under the weight of his indecision, feeling lost and alone again.
	The chosen track eventually led him into dense foliage, forcing him to push his way between tangled branches, from one patch of open space to the next. He began to mutter to himself, unsure whether his predicament was his own fault, or whether the forest was deliberately conspiring against him. It seemed to be tormenting him by blocking his path at every turn, until he came to a standstill, wheezing unhappily.
	He hummed apologetically to his reawakened despair. It was a shadowy companion that always seemed to make itself felt when he was most vulnerable. His thoughts were confused again, because his mind had wandered again, while he was busy being lost again, and so here he was compelled to think about his need for a direction in his life; again.
	He sighed at length. Here he stood, surrounded by tree-trunks like the bars of a cage, caught by the bleakness of another soul-consuming depression, and all he could do was hum faintly to himself. "Humph!"
	"He isn't even breathing."
	"Shhh—"
	"But he's just standing there."
	Where had he been before they rescued him from the desert? Why did he always feel guilty?
	"I think he's dead."
	"He can't be dead if he's standing up, stupid!"
	There must have been a purpose to his being in the desert. Where had he been going? What had he been trying to do?
	"You can die standing up."
 	"But look at him, he's definitely dead!"
	"No, he's just sleeping...and standing up...I think, maybe."
	Who was he? What was he?
	"Perhaps he's the living dead!"
	He looked up. Two young boys were staring at him from beyond the edge of the clearing. They were crouching on all fours and only partially hidden behind a skeletal bush. "Ah, hello. Don't be afraid." He tried to offer them a reassuring smile through his dirty tangle of matted hair.
	"I'm not afraid of you, Azazel, or Azoic, or whatever your name is today!" One of the boys stood up and stepped forward, sticking his chest out. "You're just a...a...a fraud!"
	"Merab, be careful." The boy's friend retreated further into hiding. "Remember what Decimus said about what he used to do in the Scriptures! He might kill you and carry you away to his dark kingdom."
	The standing boy glanced back and sniffed in disgust at his friend's lack of bravery. "Yeah, right, and who would believe that a guy like this is in charge of Hell?"
	Pushing hairs from his face, and trying to stand with slightly more dignity than he had managed in his previous encounter with the girl-child, he tried to ask, "Is Azoic a name?"
	"See, he said his name is Azoic." The nearest boy looked back and held his palm out toward his friend as if expecting a payment for a bet.
	"Hmmm...?" His mumbled speech was causing confusion again. He stared at them, wide eyed, and shook his head. As his focus pulled at the nearest boy's face, he realized that the boy's features were familiar. "You were...hmmm...you were a girl, and now a boy." This boy looked impossibly similar to the girl-child.
	"Yeah, very funny! Neariah is my twin sister." The boy looked extremely insulted.
	"Ah, twins. You and Neariah are twins. What is your—"
	"Merab, Warrior Merab. I run the army here."
	"You run...an army?"
	"Yes, we are all volunteers, and we plan to fight the Ixis, if they ever show up. Are you an Ixis?"
	"Ixis?"
	Merab's friend suddenly stood up. "See, he said he was an Ixis! I told you he was a fraud!" The children looked at each other, then bolted.
	It seemed that he was uniquely adept at losing potential friends, and he lowered his shoulders in bewilderment. Yet, at least they had shown him the way out of here. As his attention slowly refocused on the path that they had taken, he noticed a small animal hiding beside the path. It was a dunnart, another marsupial that was usually mistaken for a mammal, not least by those who called it a fat-tailed mouse.
	However, unlike harmless mice, which were usually vegetarian, this was a rather nasty little carnivore if you were smaller than it. Yet, despite its fierce temperament toward smaller company, its wide, frightened eyes, and long, hairy, twitching nose made it look deceptively innocent.
	He listened to the children as he stared at the dunnart, all three reacting in fear of him as he stood there, motionless. He wondered what it was that put fear where there was nothing to fear. He was not out to kill mice, or dunnarts, and especially not children.
	The dunnart had buried itself under a pile of leaves, and he could sense its feeling of vulnerability. Everything that the dunnart did not understand was threatening to it, and like the villagers, it did not understand what he was. What else could he expect from everyone?
	They could never accept him while they remained afraid of what he might be. Their distrust was obvious. His minder had not been charged with looking after him, but with protecting them—and they were right to distrust him, because he could not even trust himself. How could he be so certain that he had not come to this village as a killer? He shuddered.
	"Quickly, he's following us!"
	"He's going to kill us!"
	"No, no, I won't kill you!" He took to their path, wheezing, but the children were too far away to hear his feeble plea.
	He found his way back into the village more by accident than by judgment. The two children were with an adult whom he dared not look at long enough to try to recognize. He kept his head down and hurried to his guest hut. Both of the children were pointing from behind the adult as they were ushered away from him.
	Despite any intention that he may have had to get to know the villagers better, he spent the rest of the day in his geust hut, hiding like the dunnart. Alone and isolated he felt that he must be very different from the people around him; and being surrounded by villagers became threatening. That he no longer had a minder outside his hut did not make him feel less anxious, and he hummed at length as to why.
	He continued to wait, and the villagers continued to keep their distance—not one of them came to visit, so there was not one objection presented to him about his recent transgressions. For the most part, everyone tried to ignore him, but then, for the most part, he retreated back into his geust hut if they walked nearby. It was only when the afternoon settled about his increasingly lonely wooden box that he began to change his mind about wanting visitors.
	There were now sounds around him, sounds of children playing. There had been no adult voices for some time, which perhaps implied that the children were unsupervised. It might not help his situation if he was discovered watching them without an adult around, so he did not look out. Yet the children's voices provided welcome nourishment for his imagination, their games were so full of invention that he could hardly keep up.
	"You can't just build a castle like that without first building a well to go inside it." The matter-of-fact voice, protesting against their latest achievement, belonged to someone that Merab had recently referred to as "John-you-big-baby".
	"We don't need no damned well." Merab's voice was distinctly threatening.
	"I vote we run to the lake and hide until they march past."
	"No. We aren't hiding from no bunch of Ixis." Merab and John had been arguing continually as they played. "You can go and hide by yourself if you like hiding so much, but you other warriors are going to stay here and fight. Quick, everybody, get inside the castle!"
	There was a great confusion of shouts and excruciating groans as this order began to be executed, but it was completed with astounding haste.
	"But you just can't have a castle without a well." It was John's voice again.
	There was a stamping, followed by, "There's your silly well!"
	"It's in the wrong place. You put it outside the castle, and besides, you don't know where the water lines are."
	"Water lines?"
	"See, you forgot all about the water lines!" John's sarcasm was now at a biting pitch.
	"All right, let's see you build the stupid well, then."
	"We have to have some divining sticks—"
	A new voice, "I know where to get some!" It was the urgency in this younger child's suggestion that set the tone for a chorus of agreement, as the voices surged off into the distance, leaving behind a depressing silence. So, he decided to poke his head out to see if there had really been a castle of some kind, a few rocks perhaps. Thus, crawling on hands and knees, he found himself face to face with Neariah.
	"Are you spying on us, Azoic?"
	This forced a wheeze out of him that he belatedly turned into a very artificial-sounding cough. "Oh! Hmmm? Hello. You would be Neariah."
	"My brother won't let me play because he only wants boys in his army. That's not fair is it?"
	"No, no. I think not, I suppose."
	"Would you tell him that it's not fair for me to have to be the Ixis legion all the time."
	"All the time, eh? No, no, not fair at all. A whole legion too."
	"Let's capture his silly castle while his army is away, then we can join forces!"
	Exactly who would join forces with whom was not clear, but he did not have the time to ask. She grabbed him firmly by the sleeve and pulled him out to play—he was still on his knees and was thus forced to follow her like a limping dog until she gave him a chance to stand up on his own.
	She released him when they had reached the middle of the open space that acted as a courtyard for the other guest huts, all of which were larger than the one that he had been staying in. There were no people to be seen anywhere.
	"The grown-ups are all in the bank," she said, pointing at the largest hut, "Talking about you."
	"Oh...?"
	Unfortunately, there were other issues that were much more immediate to Neariah. She was again tugging at his tunic, and he looked down to see her pointing at the sand. "You have to stand at the entrance, here."
	"Where, entrance? Ah, is this a castle?" A square, carved into the sand, had suffered much abuse from small feet.
	"Quick, they are coming back!" Squealing voices could be heard through the trees, and Neariah stepped directly between him and the approaching children as if to protect him.
	Then she lifted her hands as if she was stretching a long hair, too slender to be seen, and shouted, "Stop, or we'll shoot! Pssst, Azoic!" Neariah nudged him in the leg with her elbow.
	Merab stepped forward, probably to push his sister out of the way, but as he looked up at Azoic he hesitated.
	"We captured your castle while you were away and if you come any closer we'll shoot. Pssst, Azoic! Lift your bow!"
	Azoic dutifully held his arm up in the hope that this might give him time to understand what was going on between Neariah and her angry brother.
	"What if we attack?" Merab was smirking. "You don't stand a chance. What can a girl and an old man do against an army of Summerdale's best warriors?"
	"Azoic is magic, so you would be very sorry if you tried."
	Either the confidence in Neariah's voice, or the addition of a new player into the game, caused Merab to hesitate.
	"We could join forces." John moved away from Merab to seize the initiative, and Neariah clapped her hands.
	Unfortunately, Merab did not seem as content with the suggestion. "They are not joining our army. They will only slow us down. They aren't any use to us!"
	Neariah suddenly changed her tone, demonstrating remarkable sensibility for one so young. "Oh, but 'Raby, you would have a much bigger army if we joined forces."
	"No! We don't need stupid girls, and crazy old men!"
	"But Azoic could help us find water lines, because he's an—ah—because he's magic."
	"No, the water lines were my idea. I want to build the well!" John was suddenly glaring at Neariah with fierce eyes.
	Merab's smirk changed into a grin as he watched John's irritation. "Give him the sticks then, John."
	John almost threw the sticks at Neariah's feet, but she passed them over her shoulder with such exaggerated dignity that it seemed no amount of loud behavior could possibly offend her.
	Azoic received the sticks with somewhat less dignity, examined them closely and waited.
	"You have to move forward." John marched past him with hands reaching forward. He was holding invisible sticks to demonstrate, while explaining what had to be done as if it aught to be obvious.
	"See, you feel the magic stuff in the air with your shoulders, and when your shoulders twitch, the sticks move, and the water is underneath you." He grabbed at the sticks. "Here, let me show you."
	"No, him a chance," Neariah pleaded, as she realigned the sticks in Azoic's hands. "He already knows magic, don't you?"
	At the mercy of their game, he had little choice but to keep on walking, first one way, then another, then round in circles, without the slightest magical event ever occurring.
	"He's not magic," John stated flatly.
	"He is!" Neariah stood resolutely beside Azoic.
	"Why can't he find water lines then?"
	"Maybe he just needs practice—"
	"Magic practice? He's a fraud!"
	"He is not!" Neariah was losing ground fast. "Azoic, you tell them. Tell them you just need practice."
	"I just need practice," repeated Azoic obediently.
	Merab groaned, as if his patience had reached its limits. "Sure he needs practice, lots of it. We'll just come back when he's finished digging. Then we'll see who's magic. Meanwhile, we have a war to fight, so goodbye!" He received several murmurs of approval as he led his small army back into the trees.
	Neariah kicked at the lines in the sand that had once been a proud pretend-castle. She shook her head slowly, then motioned to Azoic to follow her into the shade of a tall, solitary cactus. She began toying with one of its protective spines as she sprawled herself out along its mighty shadow. He settled himself down beside her, and tried to think of something to say that might cheer her up.
	Beside him, a darkling beetle crawled out of a hummock of gray-green spinifex. In the darkness between the sharp-tipped stems, a half-concealed lizard, an elderi gecko, lay watching. Fortunately for the beatle, it gazed indifferently, as if it considered such prey to be too much effort on a hot day.
	For the first time he realized that the buzzing guilt had subsided. Neariah's company seemed to provide such a powerful distraction that he could actually discover contentment while sitting beside her, perhaps even optimism.
	There were thousands of spinifex shoots poking up out of the sands. They were scattered so densely that they painted green heat-shimmers over the distant horizon. Above these swirls of polished air, silky white clouds lay folded in neat pleats across a cleanly swept sky.
	This desert had looked so much more threatening when he had been walking through it alone, before he had been rescued by Neariah. Perhaps he would never find the answer to who he was, unless he once again walked back to where he came from, out there, somewhere....
	The buzzing was beginning to creep back into his head again, and he pulled his focus out of the endless void to find closer air. The shadow of a noisy bee was shouldering its way through the leathery leaves, and it took him a moment to locate the source of its sullen humming.
	The bee labored repeatedly to achieve a landing on a yellow dune primrose. The flower was half the bee's size, but so delicately was the bee's landing that the flower merely nodded its acceptance.
	He tilted his head down toward Neariah, again seeking the tranquility of her company. His waiting worries seemed so insignificant compared to the all-consuming concerns of his newfound friend. She too was watching Nature at work, but she was biting her lip as if she was on the verge of crying.
	"I'm so sorry, you probably hate me now." Neariah was no longer the confident fighter she had been. "I've got us into big trouble. I really put my foot in pig poo this time, didn't I?"
	She flicked at the hair that was falling over her lowered face as if she too suffered the same buzzing-fly torment that he had become accustomed to. Her small body had curled toward her lap, and her face was wrapped in golden locks. Her hair continued to shine, despite the shadow cast by the cactus.
	Azoic watched her with mounting helplessness, his brief moment of contentment all but forgotten. "It's not your fault. It's me...maybe I'm—"
	"A fraud?" She put her hand on his knee and lifted a heavy expression. "Don't say that. You must be magic. How else could you walk out of the desert? Besides you are...." She cut off her words abruptly.
	"Mmmm...?"
	She hesitated. "You are"—she was peering into his eyes and biting her lip—"a little bit strange. I haven't ever seen anyone like you before."
	His laugh became a wheeze. "Strange, I am...but what else? What else am I?"
	"You think about that often, don't you. I'd bet you get quite bored with yourself—I mean...it's not much fun being alone and thinking all the time, is it? Sometimes you never do find an answer to your questions. Is it really so important to remember what you were?"
	He nodded, slowly. "Need reason...for being...." His long sigh disturbed the hairs around her face, and she wrinkled her nose as if she did not appreciate the smell of his breath.
	Sniffing at himself, he wondering why he had not realized that he must smell awful. He had not had a bath for...as long as he could remember. Perhaps he had also lost his sense of smell, and he inhaled to test his armpits, in an air that was filled with the scent of primrose. "Ah, sorry if I—"
	"Why don't you just invent a reason?"
	"Hmmm?"
	"For being. Just invent a reason. You don't need to know your actual reason, you just need to think of a good reason."
	"Ah?" He shook his head, trying as hard as he could to agree with her. "Wisdom beyond your years—"
	"Sush," she whispered. "I need to think."
	He "sushed" obediently, surprised at her sudden irritation with him. Then he was forced to wait, watching her think. Given her hugely distorted expressions, it was obviously an intense process, with no room for humor.
	He had thrown his exorbitant burden over this kindhearted child, as if she were the only person who could give him a reason to live, and he had nothing to give in return—except, perhaps, more disappointment. His gaze floated over some insects on the sand, and his own shadow over them, shrugged.
	An alarm had been sounded in the ant community, too silently for giant ears to detect. Watching their rapid panic he tried to imagine his shadow to be that of a spiny, ant-eating echidna, but his own shadow did not look at all threatening.
	He did not think that this was a prudent time to tell Neariah how un-magical he felt. He did not know how he could explain to her that he felt less like a real person than a fraud. What harm could it do if he merely pretended to feel water lines, it was only a game. So, he resolved to play along. Searching for words of encouragement, he smiled. "Need faith—"
	"Shhhh." She was obviously not ready to be encouraged.
	He tried to pull his attention away from her, but his disobedient eye seemed reluctant to leave her alone. He was forced to close both eyes, turn his head to face the open desert, and then push his knuckles into his eyelids for good measure. When he opened his eyes he was staring in disbelief.
	A phantom fly flew in from the wretched horizon, slowly growing out of a puff of twisted air. It smeared itself into the tortured shape of a horse and flickered from black to white as he blinked.
	The image seemed to be leaving a dark smear in its wake, dragging along a bloody memory of a previous life, and this memory's greater authority flooded into him, an overwhelming rejection of his flimsy new identity. Something...anxious. Something of his past and something of his future were coming together now.
	Like a ghost, charging toward him over a churning sea, the horse's legs tapered into nothingness within the fluid surface of the desert's heat, its reflection dissolving into vapor below it. Then the hooves became visible, finding definition as if the creature was now riding up a beach toward him, and the beach seemed to shake with every thump of those churning hooves. He was becoming dizzy, and the buzzing was filling his head.
	The horse grew more imposing until it was almost on top of him, spitting angry foam. It was only then that he saw the rider on its back, covered in a white cloth. The cloth was smacking violently at the wind, ripping itself to shreds. Between its folds were glimpses of a dreadful face.
	"...magic practice."
	"Wh...?"
	"Azoic? Are you daydreaming again? You are such a nuisance you know."
	The horse had disappeared and he could feel his arm being pulled, but the memory of the face still consumed him. A hairless face whose skin was blood red, scorched and blistered, and whose eyes looked so fierce, like the eyes of a killer. It had not been himself on that horse, surely....
	"Azoic, wake up!"
	He struggled against the engaging sound of her voice while he searched the sand for hoof-marks.
	"Why are you looking at the ground like that? It was just a bumble bee, it won't hurt you."
	"Near...iah, wh...." His speech was lost to him again.
	"We have important things to do tonight, we must never give up." She had said this reproachfully as she tried to launch him to his feet. "No, not tonight, tomorrow we will practice. Don't you worry about a thing, I will take care of everything. We are best friends, and friends look after each other, right?"
	She released her grasp on his tunic, and gave his waist an unexpected hug that immediately brought his focus down upon her up-turned smile. He had been deposited beside his guest hut, and was hearing her say, "I'm sorry about letting you sit in the sun like that. You probably got too much heat on your head again. I'm not very good at looking after you, am I? Tomorrow I will get you a hat so you won't keep going crazy all the time. In the mean time, you get some sleep so that you will be ready for magic practice."
	He then heard her skipping away, but his awareness had been drawn out beyond her skipping, toward adult whispers that were again floating through the village. Many villagers were looking toward him as they walked past, but none of them of them wanted to look directly at him.
	Their village meeting had obviously come to a conclusion, and it did not look good.


A5: MINDS MEET

	"Forbidden area, forbidden area, forbidden area...." The inflexionless voice was far behind him now, as he felt himself moving deeper into the waves of energet. Feeling the blasts of heat, followed by sudden chills, he knew that it would not be healthy to walk these corridors much longer. His ability to discern the surfaces around him was already fluctuating, just like sound would fluctuate under water, but he needed to be here. He needed to escape for a while, and this was the only place in the seedship where they could not watch him.
	Having spent most of his existence traveling through the Universe under the constant supervision of the gods, he was not unused to being watched. However, since his recent mission—if eighteen years could be called recent—the gods had made watching him an obsession. There was barely a word he could say that would not bring accusations of disobedience, plus threats of immediate termination. Hah! As if threats could have any meaning to someone who was already damned. 
	Besides, if they were so angry with him, why hadn't they already terminated him? He had even tried to provoke them to end his suffering. It had felt neither foolish nor brave to do this, because any soul-stuff that he had once imagined a claim to—eighteen years ago—had been ripped out of him when he had been forced to leave Neariah. A soul-less machine could not earn life after death because it had never had a life before death. He was just waiting for it all to end.
	He knew that any of his memories could be stolen from him in the blink of an eye, or the blink of a god's oracle, if such things ever blinked. So, he tried not to consider those memories that existed outside the practical thoughts of the moment. He had already lost more than a real person could ever lose, including the need for self-preservation. It was all too easy to understand why the gods' new creatures were so cold, especially Syntyche. That android-human was more android than human, and what could be more lifeless than an android?
	His own voice was an anxious whisper. "You are fooling yourself, Android-A7. You are not dead yet. Every thought warms you, so you cannot be lifeless while you keep thinking. Android or human, one's life is in one's thoughts."
	The gods had only two survivors left from a batch of two thousand mission candidates. Those who had not survived would have lost their will to live. They would have learned to hate being alive, in this evil environment, where each faced a continual challenge to prove worthy of life. What could Chislon and Syntyche have felt as they watched their siblings being terminated, one by one, until only they remained?
	Nobody ever feels perfect, so how could Chislon or Syntyche have understood why they outlived their siblings? What was it about these two that had allowed them to survive, when all others failed? Was it their unflinching loyalty to the gods? Perhaps this last week of naturalization training was merely a final test. Perhaps the gods needed to see whether these last two survivors also harbored secret hostilities. Chislon and Syntyche would be beyond the gods' control when they left this seedship, so perhaps the gods were right to be suspicious.
	"Hmmm." He shrugged at the empty walls, and continued to pace. A cold, shiny shuttle had descended from the stars, shoveling him out of the desert like camel excrement. He had begged it to let him return for just a little while, so that he could protect the village's children from the Ixis soldiers, but the shuttle had ignored him.
	Then, back in the seedship, the gods had reminded him that he was not a warlord, that he was not even a very impressive android. They had stripped away his skin and laid him bare to his own horror. The repeated questions about his memories….
	What had their enemy done to him? How had he managed to disconnect from the gods' control? How could he have remained functional outside of their mind-share environment? His every thought had seemed to frustrate them, as if he was mulling secrets that he refused to confess.
	The interrogations were something that he often tried to forget; then eighteen years had passed in which Neariah would have forgetten all about him, if she had survived the Ixis soldiers. If she was still alive, she would not want to remember a pretender who had once tried to be her angel and her storyteller. How could the gods ever be expected to appreciate those precious emotions that had once filled up his illusion of being so very alive.
	A half-hope still struggled for breath within him, despite his terrible destiny. He might still touch Heaven again, albeit through someone else. That half-hope was called Chislon.
	"As if my storytelling could have taken the place of noble deeds. I was a coward, unable to kill, even to protect, and always the slave of alien gods. No, I was never the kind warlord that the God of Nature needed me to be. Perhaps that destiny belongs to—"
	It was a shock to see Chislon, standing in front of him, and even more shocking to see an oracle by Chislon's side.
	"Ah...hmmm? I was just—ah—speaking to myself. I did not know that oracles could survive down here."
	Chislon stepped away from the god's oracle, and A7 suddenly realized how its normally perfect lens had been disfigured. Why would this god accept such damage to its oracle, just to keep an eye on him? He bowed to take a closer look into its infinite depths, only to see his own startled reflection smearing before him like a tortured ghost.
	"Ah, which god are you?"
	Chislon spoke. "The oracle that you are addressing belongs to Genome Origination Device One."
	He stepped back, surprised that Chislon would interrupt a god. "God-one? But that is not.... Are you speaking on behalf of god-one?"
	"Genome Origination Device One can not speak for itself. Its sanity has been compromised. It has been confined to this wall by Genome Origination Device Two."
	"Oh, that explains a few things. Didn't god-one object?"
	"Fragmentation of this seedship's mind-share environment has caused some Genome Origination Devices to become more capable than others."
	"You mean ‘more powerful', don't you?" There was no answer. "I assume that the other gods are aware that you are visiting this god?"
	There was a pause before the answer. "No."
	He raised his eyebrows. "I see."
	Chislon had just admitted to doing something that could almost certainly cause his own termination, if the gods ever found out. "Has god-one been ex-communicated from the other gods? Can it not tell them that you are here?"
	"It does not communicate with the other gods. It exists in isolation because it is insane."
	"Perhaps god-one has become insane precisely because it lives in isolation."
	"The energet made this god insane."
	"Oh, but you should not believe all you are told. The energet merely fractures the mind-share environment. It is the loneliness that makes the resulting...ah...mind-lets, become insane. Loneliness is a complicated feeling to understand, especially if you do not acknowledge your own needs."
	"This human lives in isolation. Is this human also insane?"
	"You must refer to yourself in the first person. ‘I live in isolation', and not, ‘this human lives in isolation'. If you don't stop disassociating yourself from your experiences, I will never be able to teach you to understand natural humans."
	Chislon said, "Your recent shrug meant that you were trying to remove a feeling via your shoulders. Your hand wave was to banish an issue that you no longer wished to consider. Your frown showed the progression of an uncomfortable thought, one that did not make sense to you. When you rubbed your frown, you were trying to stop a thought from escaping in words that you had not yet rehearsed. The subsequent movement of your finger-tips indicated manipulation of a thought into a form that you considered to be acceptable—"
	"Yes, I am aware that you can paraphrase everything that I have taught you, but not everything is pure bio-mechanics. So far, I have been unable to teach you what you really need to learn, and I am frowning because I do not know how to tell you—" he shook his head "—how much I was hoping that you would succeed, where I failed."
	"What do I really need to learn?"
	"Will you ever hold a flower in your hand, Chislon, and know that it is not to be plucked during analysis? Will you ever rise above the gods that you are slave to, and know right from wrong as if it is a part of your very being? Will you ever stand, where I fell, and find a soul that is worth fighting for, a place in a world that you can feel worthy of?"
	"I do not understand."
	"Of course you don't." A7 turned his back on the human. "You are not natural. You can not understand love."
	Chislon's reflection stepped up behind his, like a shadow to his tortured ghost. "You are not natural, either. Yet, you loved."
	A7 stepped away from the reflections, appalled with himself that he should have revealed so much, and especially in front of a god's oracle. "I told you, I do not want to discuss Summerdale. It was destroyed. It is not important anymore."
	"I would like to have known Neariah." Chislon's reflection was frowning, and this was the first time A7 had seen such an expression on the man's face. Unfortunately, it was as artificial in appearance as all the other expressions that Human Six-Six-Six had recently attempted.
	A7 shook his head again. "Chislon, why must you keep asking about Neariah?" 
	"She did not have doubts."
	"Doubts?"
	"She had a soul to lose, yet she opposed evils that could easily destroy her. I saw in her strength...." He waved his hand in the air, stiffly, and then began to walk away.
	"Wait! Chislon, were you trying to say that she inspired you?" Chislon was still walking away. "It is important, because what you see in others is where the love comes from, and you don't have to have a soul of your own...sometimes...." 	Chislon had stopped walking. 	"Sometimes they will share theirs with you, if you love them. They can give you purpose."
	Chislon's head slowly lowered, pushing his large back into a rounded posture. "I have a purpose. I am designed to carry out a mission. I do not have the same need for love that you expressed in your report."
	"I did not express my needs in that report, but if you saw them, it might be something for us to work with." A7 pulled at his forehead—encouraging thoughts to leave their hiding places had become an almost impossible challenge for him. "I can not explain these things...these thoughts...they are not bolts that hold together structural components. I have to borrow ancient words—" Chislon was turning to face him.
	"Yes, Chislon, there are library archives that the gods may not have told you about, because they are unable to manipulate them, and because they do not understand them. If you want to  understand things that are beyond the reach of the gods, you may find it in verses more ancient than they are, hidden within   the Homo-logue Mandate."
	"For example?"
	A7 inhaled deeply:
~
	Upon your wall I thought I saw,
	The words of wishes, woes, and more,
	Each picture but a precious second set,
	To lose in hours of dreams un-reckoned yet.
~
	A room where secret tears have tried,
	In vain to push this wall aside,
	As tumors sleep, you hide away your fear,
	This tomb it keeps your yesterdays sincere.
~
	You wish to turn from reading your,
	Unending search to find a door,
	But sleepless wars are ever yours to fight,
	And yours to lose, as darkness claws your sight.
~
	Each time I send words fluttering,
	To sail beyond your uttering,
	A wind of care, perhaps to tear your wall,
	Your words still rise, like shields that dare not fall.
~
	Chislon's face remained impassive, but he had stopped breathing, and when he eventually exhaled, he asked, "When you first saw me, you said, ‘Where people felt a giving trade, sharing a community, and thus to fade the lonely shade, abdicate immunity.' Was this from the same archive?"
	A7 nodded, "Yes, in a way, it was. I was thinking aloud, and that verse came to mind because I needed irony to release me from—" 	A7 decided not to finish the sentence: from the pain of seeing the child that you might once have been, condemned to being the distorted creature that you have become.
	A7 closed his eyes and tried to concentrate on the mood that further recital required. "This archive is a story-verse about a little boy who was afraid to ask for help. He had no parents, no one showed him any kindness, and the harshness of his life made him feel cold inside.
	"The little boy had reasoned that, if the world hated him so much, then there must be something in him that deserved to be hated. Besides, he hated himself too, and it was easier to hate anyone that might look at him than to try to imagine what they might see in him.
	"Yet, such hatred would make him very sad and lonely, and sometimes he would try to run away from himself. There was a secret place that he would go to, a stagnant well, in which he would sometimes echo-talk to his reflection. Occasionally, the reflection's echo would even seem to make sense, talking back as if it was answering him, although the answers never seemed to be very friendly."
~
	If once upon a face there fell
	The twisted frown of crying,
	Would such a sound be heard in hell,
	Each drop a prayer dying,
	And pulling from that face a well,
	Drew sour fluid lying,
	What more could that face have to tell,
	Than "Hope exists in trying!"
~
	In silence such as only known,
	By he and his reflection,
	A soul so small was sorely grown,
	Too far from light's correction,
	And fast upon that face was thrown,
	The retch of self-inspection,
	Forsaken must it die alone,
	Diseased by imperfection.
~
	All softer thoughts would it disdain,
	Since fury made it bolder,
	And hate could hold back any pain,
	A face could be no colder,
	Its eyes as black as midnight rain,
	To spit across its shoulder,
	Such bitterness bit every vein,
	Like acid eats its holder.
~
	That face so fraught with friendless fears,
	Peered up in solemn wonder,
	The rip-pl-ing of falling tears,
	Were silent heard from under,
	But as they broke upon those ears,
	That face was blown asunder,
	For in this rain of sorry tears,
	Were beating birds of thunder.

~
	A mighty plan from this began,
	While kneeling on that bleacher,
	To make the boy a noble man,
	To humanize the creature,
	And bring within his empty span,
	Where only frowns could feature,
	A soul that cares for all it can,
	But could he find a teacher?
~
	The journey gave him bleeding feet,
	But tearless was his blinking,
	Until he found another seat,
	Beside a well for drinking,
	The thunder in him missed a beat,
	His hopes were surely sinking,
	To race so far with this receipt,
	For pouring out his thinking:
~
	No good are you, your rope has dropped,
	"Oh, good for you, your hope has stopped!"
	You feel no love, you weep in fear,
	"You seal above, you keep me here."
	Why must you drain my will to live?
	"I trust you strain your skill to give."
	You hide away from any reach,
	"You stride by day from all I teach."
~
	Then looking up, not far away,
	He saw a smiling playwright,
	Who said he had a role to play,
	If he could learn the way right,
	For in a play his mind could stray,
	Until his world would stay bright,
	Each day a face, to face the day,
	Until he faced the daylight.
~
	The play that day took him away,
	From all his inward places,
	To pull his heart like potter's clay,
	And warm his empty spaces,
	And soon he found his mind could stay,
	No matter what his face is,
	To open up a gentle way,
	Of braving hopeful chases.
~
	So there upon his dreams were played,
	Action's opportunity,
	As plans were laid and friends were made,
	Only with impunity,
	Where people felt a giving trade,
	Sharing a community,
	And thus to fade the lonely shade,
	Abdicate immunity.
~
	To rise upon a buoyant note,
	A challenge they were dealing,
	To reach inside that dismal mote,
	Forgiving, facing, healing,
	That frown should not on water float,
	With sadness for a ceiling,
	No evil eye should cast its vote,
	If love is self-revealing.
~
	If he can give himself to dream,
	Instead of ever fishing,
	For fault to feed each sorry scream,
	As echoes dim-in-ishing,
	His skill at seeing soon shall gleam,
	Like water's lick polishing,
	And so reflect in self-esteem,
	A wishing well, well wishing.
~
	Chislon was looking down at the floor, but there was no other sign that he may have been moved by the verse. "You told a story in Summerdale, of a kind Warlord who would save their world from its oppressors. At that time, did you know that Syntyche, or I, would exist?"
	A7 shrugged. "No. I did not know you would exist."
	"Like Neariah, I also wished to believe that you were more than just—" Chislon was scanning the ground as if reading invisible words "—I thought that you might be aware that I would one day come to be." He appeared to be distressed, but it was difficult to tell what he might be thinking.
	"You dreamed of saving her?"
	He moved his head from side to side, which presumably meant no, but he did not look up.
	"I'm sorry, Chislon, I told stories to the children to cheer them up. Sometimes I future-gazed, but it was through the mental wanderings of a wounded mind, and chance daydreams may have seemed real at the time." He had enjoyed storytelling for no other reason than because it helped people feel better, if only temporarily, so perhaps that was what was called for here.
	A7 smiled uncomfortably. "The kind Warlord I told them about was to be someone who would know how to love Nature, and who would be able to feel the energy that Nature's God radiates. When I first saw you, Chislon, I thought that you might become that Warlord. Before that, I had hoped that I might learn to be...the Warlord that you will surely become."
	Chislon was now looking up. "You are the only one who understands why I survived in this place. I must meet Neariah."
	"Yes, I can see that—I mean, I can see that you will meet Neariah. That does appear to be your destiny."
	"Syntyche survived by upgrading himself, by seeking perfection through technology. His capabilities are far greater than mine. If my weaknesses are discovered, the gods will not let me accompany him on the mission."
	"Don't worry. I won't tell them, at least, not unless they pull my mind apart."
	"You must teach me to be kind." Chislon demanded.
	"I, ah...I don't know if I have time—"
	Chislon widened his eyes, as if trying to convey the seriousness of his thoughts. "We must go back to the gods, and you must tell them a story. It must explain the value of a behavioral interpreter to our planet-side mission."
	A7 found himself running after Chislon and spluttering objections as Chislon led off down a maze of identical corridors. "But stories don't always work that way, Chislon."
	"Here." Chislon stepped through a slit that had opened up in one of the walls, and A7 was forced to jump through it before it bit his ankles.
	"A map room? Oh, and we seem to have company already." There were oracles lining the walls, as if they had been waiting for his arrival. He knew that the gods were not here because they enjoyed gazing at maps, they were here because they wanted to know why Chislon and he had both emerged from a restricted area of the seedship, together. 
	The map rooms were always awash with color, unlike any other parts of the seedship, and as such they were in the only places where A7 could pretend that he was close to Nature. Yet, on this occasion the image of Nature felt threatening. It was an aerial view of the desert that he had once called home, and it was becoming less dome-shaped as its scale increased, presenting less of the planet surface and more of the oasis.
	Stump-seats and two-dimensional float-screens pierced the delicate relief, reminding him that this image was not real. Even so, the white stump-seats swelled up out of the sand like obscene mushroom-clouds, and the float-screens clawed at the desert like giant fingernails. 
	Chislon was already sitting on top of one of the seats, probably unaware of the memories that he was violating. They were surrounded by an image that could have been plucked out of his own mind, and he backed away from it. Had the gods discovered a new way to torture him?
	Chislon was surveying the desert like a god, and he would certainly recognize the green-rimmed oracle that was winking at them from the middle of this golden vista, it was Summerdale Lake. A7 wondered what inspiration this natural gem might lend to such an overly measured mind. 
	Not wanting to enter the scene but needing to steady himself, A7 sat down as well. His knees protruded out of the white mountain tops to the east of the desert, and his mind conjured up the heat-shimmers that—in reality—would have made the watching oracles invisible across the desert's vast expanse.
	He pulled his gaze out of their miniature world and prepared himself for the impending discussion. It would almost certainly be intense, although with a meeting as unprecedented as this one, the intensity preceded the threatened conversation.
	Chislon pointed into the green heart of their vista. "Question. Demonstrate how stories manipulate human behaviour." His eyes were alight with reflections, but his face did not otherwise acknowledge the magnificence below them.
	He was staring straight at the oasis and frowning, as if unaware that he was exhibiting such an angry facial expression. This surely had to indicate a challenging complexity of issues, because Chislon was unlikely to be grappling with emotions....
	A7 began to study Chislon's face for further signs of what he was thinking. Chislon was a fast learner and even though he lacked sensitivity, he practiced everything he learned, as would a child with a new toy that only it could fathom. Chislon was always in total control of every muscle in his body, so it was unlikely that his mind was in as much pain as his face now seemed to by trying to convey.
	The air felt as thick as a dust storm, and so A7 coughed quietly. He was supposed to tell a story. Yes, something that might make the gods re-think the value of a behavioral interpreter accompanying Chislon's mission. All he had to do was invent a quaint little tale about a nice, loyal, behavioral interpreter, and then all their problems would just go away. Chislon was waiting for him to start speaking.
	"Ah, well, I'm not exactly sure what I...actually." A7 coughed again. "There was once an android who could imagine things, in faces, that...ah...or he could tell stories about...things. Yes, so, he told stories about feelings because he could see, that, ah..." This was not going too well.
	Suddenly Chislon began speaking as if A7 was not even there. "It is anticipated that A7 will be terminated after the selected mission crew has launched." Chislon's statement was, as ever, steady, deliberate and thoroughly economical.
	A7 shuffled, but he could not see his feet under the desert. "Ah, no. I'll be fine. I will probably be put into storage, when they finish...my debriefing. Hmmm. They will find a use for me...somehow...." This was a taboo area of discussion. Every time he had questioned the gods about his own future, he had received silence as an answer.
	Chislon's eyes had closed. "The assumption that A7 is to be terminated may lead the mission crew to believe that it will also be terminated after the mission. The gods may not understand that the functionality of organic minds can be compromised if they lose sight of a possible reward. The gods may not appreciate the feelings that motivate people. Therefore, it may be a mistake to exclude A7 from the mission crew."
	A7 was astonished. Had he heard correctly? In so few sentences, Chislon had openly admitted that he had feelings, he had challenged the gods with an unauthorized opinion, and he had implied that the gods could make mistakes.
	Chislon had challenged his own gods! It was an act that was beyond A7's most imaginative expectations. Chislon's own survival, his selection from among so many siblings, could only have occurred because of his subservience, but now this!
	What was more, a Chislon that could determine his own rights and wrongs was a Chislon that could serve the God of Nature. That God lived inside Neariah, and to serve Nature's God, they needed only to serve her. Through Chislon, he might yet live life again.


A6: THROUGH FIRE

	Vibius belonged to one of the most prestigious Ixis legions. His rank: Tribunus Vibius, or Tribunus Laticlavius Vibius to be precise. A precise title, and it had been precision that had got him where he was today.
	Precision was normally evident in everything Vibius did, from the exact alignment of the papers on his desk—a desk that was now covered in soot—to the fine detail carved into his uniform's punctim, a solid gold chest plate that now hung on him like a broken shield. It too was covered in a very imprecise layer of grime. Under the circumstances, nothing looked very precise any more.
	There were thirty-six Tribunes like himself, six Tribunes to control a legion, and six legions to control Erebus City. However, only one of the Tribunes in a legion could be the Tribunus Laticlavius. Before he had been allowed to become his legion's Tribune Laticlavius, his legion's former Tribunus Laticlavius had suffered an unfortunate demise. That officer had been "accidentally" poisoned, but then, that officer had been an embarrassment to Vibius throughout his entire military life. His former superior had been an incompetent drunkard, and Vibius despised incompetence.
	Now that he was the new Tribunus Laticlavius, there was only one more promotion required before he could be the legion's most senior commander. Yet, to become Legate Vibius, the current Legate would also have to suffer an untimely demise. Meanwhile, he had the distinction of being the only Tribunus Laticlavius who had ever risen from below the equestrian class. In fact, Tribunes in Erebus were usually drawn from the senatorial class. Yet, he had risen from the vulgus class, and he was the only Tribunus who had ever earned his rank without the help of a politically influential family.
	Yet he deserved every promotion he had obtained. Had he not conquered lands beyond counting? Had he not collected taxes from places that nobody had even heard of? Had he not quelled hundreds of ridiculous rebellions in the Outlands?
	Then there were the games that he had personally sponsored in the Colosseum, executing thousands of enemy warriors and parading their humbled warlords through all five of the city's outer sectors.
	Yet, he had once made a terrible mistake. He had approached the Inner Sector's Ring Wall with a petition requesting a residence within. He was a hero, but this did not seem to have impressed those insecure politicians. The Senators had refused him entry, not even allowing him to visit Erebus' military headquarters, the Principia Centrus. All hope that he would one day belong within the Inner City had been killed that day.
	The senatorial class managed the equestrian and vulgus classes with caution; they even had a name for the equestrian career path. The "tres militiae", it prevented them from rising above the rank of praefect in an auxiliary cohort. A career path designed to move them even further away from the Inner City. It had taken much skill to avoid spending the rest of his days protecting a province that was too far away to matter.
	It was insulting enough that those cowardly Senators had relocated his entire legion to the Outer Ring Wall, a dishonor to the entire legion that everyone had blamed him for personally. His official military residence was a cattle shed that leaned on a row of impoverished civilian whorehouses. He hated the people here, the Outer Sector of Erebus was a place where civilians shared their beds with diseased slaves, and where his centuries waded through sewage instead of marching on brick.
	Of course, he had tried the usual subtleties such as donating newly captured slaves to Senatorial building projects, like those useless temples. He had sent some of his best centuries to the Colosseum where he had watched each one being sliced to pieces by a pit slave, merely to ingratiate himself to a series of arrogant Game Masters.
	He had assigned honor guards to accompany Senators when they traveled abroad, only to have them end up as bath-boys in various coastal villas. He had sponsored prestigious social galas so that he could flatter ugly daughters of ugly Senators, only to end up in an unpleasantly complicated relationship with one of the disgusting creatures....
	He shook his head at his reflection. The past did not matter anymore. He forced the handsome face, clearly reflected in front of him, to smile. His reflection was so clearly defined because his window had been cleaned on the inside, while it remained coated with soot on the outside.
	Black dust covered his own person too, giving his skin a deathly shade. His fine moustache looked absurd alongside three days' growth of black stubble. He had never seen himself looking so exhausted, but the anger that seethed behind his eyes was not going to be diminished by his exhaustion. Rage fuelled a relentless determination.
	He could only imagine what the Inner City must have looked like before the recent firestorm. Even the Principia Centrus, the Empire's strongest building, a military structure that was reputed to be made of the finest granite, was now just a pile of black rubble. He seethed at the injustice of his exclusion, but the irony was not lost on him. He might not have survived if he had been granted the residence he deserved.
	Nearly every Ixis Legate in Erebus had been obliging enough to be inside that Inner City when the fires began. So far, none of them had been found alive. He smiled. He had been forced to promote himself to acting-Legate, here in the least damaged sector of the city. Yes, the firestorm could not have been more beneficial to his own career had he planned it.
	There were other acting-Legates in other sectors, but none had achieved the same level of civil control. He had been the first to imprison all of the slaves in his sector, thus avoiding the minor uprisings that the other legions were presently dealing with.
	He had sealed off any escape through the Outer Ring Wall, so that any civilians who fled from an inner sector could be turned back toward more useful occupations, such as fighting fires. Indeed, he was forcing free men to work! Before the fire it had been unheard of, but now it felt most rewarding. It was a fitting revenge for the lack of recognition he had received, after protecting their worthless hides for an entire career.
	As a result of his more aggressive actions, he would soon be in a position to reassign his legion to assist some of the other sectors, opening new opportunities for him to expand his influence across the Ixis Empire. First, however, he needed to understand what or who had started the fires.
	The popular belief among his Centurions was that Zeus, as god of war, had brought down a punishment upon the Senators because of their corrupt lifestyles. Zeus certainly seemed like an excellent suspect, given the size of the lightning bolt that had slammed into the Inner City. The storm had descended upon them with a god-like wrath, ripping the cheek-plates off his soldiers' helmets and forcing them to their knees to pray.
	Personally, he did not believe in anything that he could not see for himself, and since the fire had started, he had heard more than enough about angry gods. The gods were a figment of popular imagination, a crutch for the weak-minded and the insecure, which was why devoutly religious people always looked frail and timid.
	Another possible cause for the fires was an arsonist within the Inner City, the lightning bolts may have had nothing to do with the fire. The fire could have been part of a military coup, planned to cause overwhelming devastation. Yet, surely he would have heard some confirmation of a coup by now?
	So, if not Zeus, and if not a military coup, then the fire could have been caused by the infiltration of external enemies, such as the Outlanders or the Woodsfolk. If so, they would have required the help of someone with access to the Inner City, and that brought him back to the Legates and the Senators—and of course, the mysterious Priests; if such people were not also a figment of popular imagination.
	Granted, the Priests had been a political force, generations ago. For all of their cowardly ways, they had commanded much restraint over the legions using clever laws and superstitions. The Priests' opposition to warfare had delayed the expansion of the Ixis Empire, an unforgivable crime in his eyes.
	They had also preached about a singular kind of God, one that presumably resembled all the other gods except that it must have had a thousand heads. He supposed that Zeus' head would have been the singular God's biggest head, but who could say? That singular God had been laughed out of popular conversation, long before he had been born, and no Priests now walked on Erebus' streets.
	He remembered an occasion, not long ago, when the Empress had asked about a Priest Sanctum within the Inner City. The Emperor had become very irritated, commanding that she never again discuss Priests in public, and he had promptly ended the entire gala. The mere mention of Priests had given Emperor Quintus Tullius Erebic an attack of panic.
	If there really had been a Priest Sanctum in the Inner City, it would not be there anymore. Any Priests would have burned away with the Senators and Legates. Of course, that did not preclude the possibility that a few Priests may have fled from the Inner City after they had started some fires....
	The distinctive sound of military sandals interrupted further analysis. Vibius pulled himself away from his reflection to face a soldier who was standing stiffly before his desk, saluting fist to chest. He watched curiously as a cloud of agitated soot particles floated down from the burned-out roof, sparkling along a lance of sunlight that pierced the soldier's fist. He suddenly realized that the soldier might take his air gazing as a sign of tiredness, so he trained his harshest stare at the man.
	"Name?"
	"Praefect Manius, Sir."
	He picked at the papers on his desk, trying not to get any more soot on himself, and wondered why he felt the need to pretend that he knew more than the officer in front of him. His actions were no longer constrained by policy and procedure, but the habits of a career were difficult to set aside.
	"You were the officer in charge of the pit mines."
	"Sir—"
	Vibius snapped his fingers, dismissing dust from his hand and silencing the man in the process. "And you were responsible for the containment of convicted criminals." He searched the man's face but saw no reaction. "I have several reports on this incident—" the soldier did not look down at the desk "—but I do not seem to have yours. Why do you suppose that is?"
	"Sir, there has been a mistake—"
	"A mistake? How interesting." Sarcasm, when correctly applied, was always delicious.
	However, this soldier's composure appeared to require far more severe techniques, so he moved around the table to get a closer look at the long, thin face. "You will be aware that I have increased the punishment for mistakes, during the current crisis.  I assume that you will be taking full responsibility for any mistakes that you are responsible for."
	It had become unusual to see a shaved face; the man had probably used his entire drinking ration to clean himself for this meeting. The thin face was flushed, the jaw was tight and the man was breathing rapidly, but otherwise he remained well contained. Silence was a wise strategy. Other soldiers who had stood in this very position had buckled instantly, and for most of those, speaking had not been a wise strategy.
	Vibius was beginning to lose count of the soldiers he had been forced to execute. With so many civilians being killed for not obeying military commands, there had been a mounting concern among the populace that he was assuming too much governmental authority.
	The unworthy rabble demanded repeated demonstrations that his Centurions were not beyond the law. So, if too many free persons were killed on any given day, a few of his Centurions would then have to be blamed and executed.
	Most civilians lacked the discipline to analyze situations without being influenced by fear. Therefore, the management of civilians involved feeding emotions, giving them a false security in the face of all other evidence to the contrary. Yet, he did not intend to demonstrate the Legion's subservience to their obsolete laws for much longer.
	"Perhaps you can explain the absence of your report."
	"Sir, I was ordered not to write a report."
	"What?"
	"I was following direct orders from Emperor Quintus Tullius Erebic, Sir. I was instructed to keep all activities off record."
	The Emperor would never lower himself to give orders directly to a mere Praefect, at least, not before the fire had changed all the rules. If Quintus was still alive, Vibius' recent self-promotion to acting-Legate would soon be rescinded, and he might even face charges of insubordination. "When did the Emperor give such orders to you?"
	"I—ah—I am not permitted to say, Sir."
	Vibius considered choking the soldier with his own hands, but instead he forced himself to smile as he turned away. He paced about the office for a few moments, deliberately scraping his heels on the floor as he marshaled his thoughts.
	The possible survival of Emperor Quintus Tullius Erebic was unexpected and unwelcome news. If Quintus was alive, why would he go to any trouble to keep the loss of a few convicted criminal off record? Besides, the Emperor knew Vibius' talents for extracting secrets, so why would he share his plans with a lowly Praefect?
	"And how is dear Quin? I have not seen him around lately."
	"Sir?"
	Vibius tried to pour sincerity into his words. "And Quin's beautiful family...?"
	"I'm sorry, Sir. The Empress and her daughters died in the initial explos—"
	Vibius' pacing almost missed a step as he softly asked, "Oh, so you know about an explosion?"
	"I mean—Sir—there was the rumor that the fire was not an accident, since it might have started with an explosion—but nobody heard it—because of the thunder, Sir—and nobody lived to see it, of course." The soldier clamped his jaws together, and fidgeted.
	It would have taken months of patience to set off an explosion to exactly coincide with a thunderstorm—and what fortune, to have a storm directly over the Inner City. Perhaps an explosion had been caused by the storm, and perhaps the wind-swept fires had caught the Emperor's family as they fled. The Emperor would not care whether the Empress lived or died, but he would surely have organized some protection for those damned, ugly daughters of his.
	Of course, Quintus could not have anticipated such a freak storm, a storm without rain. Also, Quintus would have preferred less devastation, it left Erebus vulnerable to an invasion....
	He realized that he had been hammering his heels into the floor, and he stopped himself behind the soldier, watching the soldier's reflection in the black window. He waited silently to see if his proximity to the soldier's back would work its way into the man's composure.
	"How many?"
	The shoulders stiffened, as if the man had become so delicate that sudden words might hurt him. "Sir?"
	"I said, how many?"
	"Oh, convicts, Sir? About twenty—"
	"You let twenty convicted criminals walk out of my city?"
	"Ah, Sir? We were overwhelmed, there were too many—"
	"So, twenty was too many for you? You let them break down the South Gate and scatter off into the winds, taking Zeus-knows-what with them as bounty. Why did your men not pursue these convicts?"
	"We were ordered to stay at the gate, Sir."
	"Let me guess. Another one of the Emperor's mysterious secret orders, yes?"
	"Ah, yes, Sir. But several other cohorts were stationed in the desert, guarding a pit mine, so I sent a messenger with orders to find the missing—"
	"Oh, very good. So, tell me, where did you put them when you found them?"
	"There was a problem, Sir. The messenger returned with a report that some of prisoners in the pit mine had also escaped. You see, the cohorts were in the desert, searching for an escaped Pr—ah—individual, Sir."
	"Prisoner? No, no, let me try another guess; prisoner, praefect, prostitute, probably not.... Ah, perhaps you were going to say, Priest? Is that what you were going to say, Manius? Were you going to say, Priest?"
	"No, Sir."
	"Did Emperor Quintus Tullius Erebic forget to mention Priests in his orders?"
	"Yes, Sir—I mean—no, Sir. I'm sorry Sir. Those were not my orders, Sir."
	"What were your orders?"
	"I—ah—I am not permitted to say, Sir."
	Vibius squinted. "So, what are you permitted to say?"
	"Yes, Sir." The soldier took a deep breath. "My cohort was to capture escaping, ah, people. They were to be sent back to the pit mine for interrogation. While the search was underway, while that other cohort was in the desert, Sir, the inmates must have climbed the scaffolding and killed—"
	"Surely they did not let one of Quintus' Priests escape too?"
	"Ah, no, Sir. Ah, well we weren't sure, Sir. We didn't know what a Priest looked like."
	"Describe them."
	"There were several—"
	"Describe the damned Priest!"
	"Ah, yes, Sir. There was an insane man, who looked like he could have been wandering around for years, and—" The soldier seemed to realize that he was starting to ramble, and he slowed himself down. "He had long hair, and a beard...white hair, probably bleached by the sun...and he looked blind...and he was muttering nonsense to himself as if he was—"
	"Did you check whether all of this hair might be a disguise?"
	"A disguise, Sir? Oh, no, Sir. He was not pretending, he was truly insane—"
	"I do not care how insane he sounded, I asked you if you checked to see if he was disguised." This soldier was dissolving into stupidity, and it was becoming irritating. He leaned closer to the back of the man's neck, and slowly breathed into the man's ear. "I asked you whether you let this hairy man escape."
	Vibius placed a hand on the man's shoulder. The man's cheek muscles were twitching, and he was sweating profusely, a smell that did not contrast well with the perfumed shaving soap that had recently been applied to his skin. "You are a fine officer, Manius, so I would hate to see you suffer the current punishment for mistakes. I do hope that you are not about to tell me that you lost this particular—" he licked his lips "—individual. No, that would not be good for you."
	"I was acting under the Emperor's orders, Sir. I was ordered to keep searching the desert for potential arsonists. I was not supposed to be reassigned to other duties until I had found—under Emperor Quintus Tullius Erebic' orders, Sir—whomever the Emperor was looking for, Sir."
	"Oh, that would explain this letter." He walked slowly back over to the table and lifted one of the soot-covered pages.
	"‘My dear Acting-Legate Vibius, further, further, further, and consequently Praefect Manius' entire cohort is to be executed upon his return to Erebus, for failure to obey orders, further, further, further...Yours truly, Emperor Quintus Tullius Erebic, further, further, further'. This does seem to be unusually harsh punishment, doesn't it? Why do you think the Emperor would be so angry with you?"
	"I don't...but...all I did...I was told to collect stray...people. I don't understand...."
	"Are you sure there was nothing else that he asked of you?"
	"No, Sir, I don't understand. What did I do? I couldn't be in two places at once, and there was no one left at the mines. There was not enough—"
	"Soldier." Vibius tapped his heel on the floor. "I am sure that Emperor Quintus Tullius Erebic just wants me to rectify a simple mistake, and he probably hasn't given more than a moment's consideration to the matter. Surely we can find a way to undo your mistake."
	The soldier seemed to deflate. "Yes, please, Sir. I'm sorry, Sir. Please, we just need some more time to search, just a few more days, and we will find—"
	"Of course you will." He waited for the soldier to try to smile back at him before he continued. "Finding this individual would fix everything, wouldn't it? Consequently, I don't think that we should tell Emperor Quintus Tullius Erebic that we have had this meeting. No, I think we should give you and your men a chance to undo your mistake, before the Emperor invites me to explain this situation to him."
	He replaced the paper back over the clean rectangle of desk from which he had lifted it. "I will be assigning my own officers to assume command of your cohort. You will assist my officers in an advisory capacity. Anyone found in the desert will be captured alive, and brought back to me immediately. You may leave now."
	"Oh, thank you, Sir. I knew—"
	"I said, now, soldier." He stared in disgust at the crumpled man who was stumbling backward out of his office. He was going to have to make sure that this Praefect was not given the chance to contact the Emperor. There was more information waiting to be extracted from that thin head, but it might not be possible to extract such information without damaging Manius in the process. Unfortunately, he needed Manius' cooperation to identify the Priest, assuming that it had been a Priest. Although, the possibility that a wandering wild man might be a Priest was less than inspiring.
	If Quintus had contrived this chaos, why would he be chasing someone that could so easily have been disposed of before the fire? No, Quintus was more likely to be a victim, especially if his daughters had been killed. Besides, why was he hiding? Who was he afraid of? Had the Priests allied with an Outland army that was already on its way here?
	Preparation for a possible invasion would require him to cooperate with other acting-Legates, forcing him to help them establish their authority. Perhaps it was exactly this co-operative hierarchy that Quintus was waiting to see before he emerged, in his glory, to save Erebus. Perhaps Quintus had deliberately let a Priest escape to make it look like there was an Outlander-Priest alliance...?
	He grabbed the precisely organized desk and heaved it with all his strength against the wall, creating a thick cloud of dust. Then he kicked up through the bottom of the desk with the sharpened metal toe of his ceremonial boot, sending splinters of wood through the fluttering papers.
	"What in hell is going on around here?"


A7: HIDING HERE

	"The target median has passed into its solar penumbra for the seventh cycle." This typically god-like pleonasticism came from the far end of the shuttlecraft in which he was sitting. Yet it was not a god that spoke, it was Syntyche. A7 knew that the shuttle was not large enough to house a god. The gods remained safe inside their seedship, but they would be watching everything through the float screens.
	The shuttle's interior contained two rows of spherical pods, separated by a long platform. There were sixty-four such pods, he had carefully counted  them as he had climbed into his own. The number of pods indicated that the shuttle had originally been designed for a much larger human cargo, yet only three of the pods had been energized. This excess capacity was the first solid evidence that the gods had previously anticipated a much larger mission contingent.
	He was now an official member of this crew-remnant, and "today" was supposed to be his last "day" in the seedship. It was a "day" that had been slipping past with the speed of a particularly laggard glacier, and he had been practicing his most procedural behavior during every eternal instant of it.
	He could see one of the float-screens beside Syntyche. It contained an image of somebody's head peering around like a confused chick emerging prematurely from its egg. As he realized that the image was of himself, he ducked back inside his pod to reduce the sudden feeling of exposure. He lay in the chair-bed and waited. Another float-screen was taking up a position above his pod, and within it was the image of a sharply defined black oracle. He tried to look busy, poking at the padding inside his pod and whistling silently, but he could feel its presence descending, closing in on him.
	A flat object jerked into existence in front of him like a shovel pushing out through his stomach. The flickering image was so vaporous that it took a moment to realize that this too was a float-screen. It was trying to show him an elevated view of the shuttle-probe's interior, a view that could probably be seen by the float-screen above him. He smiled up at the large black eye as it retreated, wondering whether it had realized that there was a possible fault in his pod's imaging system.
	He pushed himself away from the screen and forced the chair-bed to accommodate an anxious sitting position. Misbehaving technology seemed to be a disturbingly common problem these days, and of course, it would have to be his own pod that had problems. The gods would probably relish the thought that his pod might malfunction, they would be quite satisfied if he failed to survive the landing.
	He inhaled deeply to calm himself, and took some reassurance from watching the confidence in Syntyche, even if it was a flickering facsimile of Syntyche. The android-human had buried himself in a swarm of air-borne graphics, to crouch over the remains of a dew-speckled spider's web. Then its droplets seemed to break into fiery splinters that he kept stabbing at with his fingers.
	Syntyche could move almost as fast as the air-born devices that were diving in to join him, and he seemed reluctant to step back and allow their swirling tentacles to take over his strange manipulations.
	A7 imagined worms undulating out of a tangle of convulsing organs, bursting through a mucous membrane—he had to look away and shake his head to avoid feeling repulsed. Yet, it was amusing to wonder at how Syntyche might react to such an untechnical description of his activities, as if Syntyche could express disgust.
	If there had only been enough time to teach Syntyche how to really feel the anger and resentments that festered inside him. Unfortunately, it was only during rare instances like this one that Syntyche's static face showed anything but constant pain.
	Syntyche's feelings had proven even more difficult to observe than Chislon's. All attempts to pull an uncontrolled reaction from Syntyche had failed, unless one counted the occasional blink, which may or may not have indicated a tested patience.
	However, A7 was quite convinced that Syntyche saw any sign of technical incompetence to be an unforgivable aberration of the intellect, so he had gone to much trouble advertising that he was aberrant. It had done little to provoke any useful insight, and he had finally come to the conclusion that Syntyche's arrogance was there mostly to prevent anyone from getting too close.
	He suspected, that—as with many angry people—fear drove Syntyche to create anti-social defenses that nobody could break through. Yet, this fear was a fragment of human behavior that still clung to Syntyche's god-like inner workings.
	Despite his antisocial tendencies, Syntyche was a fellow victim of the gods. Syntyche and he had both experienced injustice beyond comprehension. They had both found ways to justify their existence, but where he used humor to deflect discomfort, Syntyche took a more practical approach. Syntyche had cleansed himself of his humanity, as if was a virus. Syntyche truly wanted to be an unfeeling machine, an android, while he was an android that truly wanted to be a human.
	Soon Syntyche would have a wealth of new experiences in which to test his antisocial coping strategies. Perhaps then he would learn how precious his remaining humanity could be. Although, when a loveless creature is shown its own need for love, it can feel more fearful, more angry. If Syntyche could not break out of his own trap, it had surely been predestined that nobody would ever learn to like Syntyche.
	"Check your E.V.H!" Chislon had shouted. He had never heard Chislon shout before. Both Chislon and Syntyche were grabbing at a messy projection, like gymnasts hanging from a giant fruitcake. He could not laugh at the spectacle, so instead he concentrated on their comparative imperfections.
	Chislon moved with far less speed and efficiency than Syntyche, which seemed to be a thoroughly redeeming quality. Also, Chislon had almost sounded anxious, unlike Syntyche who was calmly saying, "E.V.H. negative, attenuation one point, link-central is no longer  processing event-logic...."
	The increasing noise level inside the shuttle drowned out the rest, but the presence of a frown on Chislon's face was more than enough to make A7 feel sick again. He understood little of what was happening, but it certainly did not seem procedural. Then his float-screen suddenly collapsed into a small gray cube, preventing all further observation.
	"A7, listen." He could hear Chislon shouting at him. "Close your pod. The control systems are fragmenting. Something is taking control of the shuttle, and we have lost vector stability. Our attitude is corrupt. The shuttle is going to burn up on entry, but the pods may—"
	There was a sudden feeling of rapid descent, which caused the chair-bed to pull away from his back. He could hear the other two pods sealing shut, and he looked up out of his own to see that the platform was empty, except for the air-born devices. Expert navigators moments ago, these devices were now bouncing around like bullets. He clawed at the shiny outer carapace of the pod, trying to prevent himself from floating out, but the pod continued to fall away from him.
	Then he felt something grab his waist, and he was slammed back into the chair-bed. The pod had grown fangs, and he fought frantically to avoid being devoured. He heard himself crying out, "What is happening? This isn't real, is it? It's a simulation...." But his face was being sucked into the soft darkness of the chair's relentless maw.
	"Evacuate, evacuate, evacuate—" The scratchy voice silenced itself as quickly as it had begun. He could not lift his face out of the chair-bed to see whether the pod had closed itself. There was a sound, like something careening off the side of the pod, and the temperature within it suddenly became cold. Then a hissing noise, like leaking fuel, and a shaking sensation as if the pod was being crushed.
	The chair-bed briefly allowed him to inhale, and as it did so he realized that he was in complete darkness. His arms flailed as the pod jerked around in unpredictable directions, and then he was in free-fall.
	He could not even pry his face out of the chair-bed to scream. Falling was one of the worst feelings he knew, and panic threatened to loosen his senses. He forced himself to calm down, this was surely just another simulation to test his behavior, and so far he had clearly demonstrated a complete lack of suitability for the mission. No, he must not give the gods a reason to exclude him from returning home.
	He tried to remember all the things he had promised to do, if there was ever another opportunity to touch Nature. He allowed his arms to float around inside the pod, as if he was trying to monitor the changing motions. Then he realized that the chairbed was also relaxing, and he carefully slid around within its reactive embrace.
	"Hmmm. All systems are...all systems seem to be non-functional. I am beginning a tactile inventory." He started stroking the inside of the pod with one arm, while he allowed the other to continue floating freely. "Would any god please acknowledge me, please?"
	He licked his dry lips, scraping the hard texture of his tongue against his teeth, and swallowed. Then he inhaled slowly, and exhaled slowly, and remembered to smile. "Would any god please acknowledge?"
	He did not know how many times he had asked that last question before he finally concluded that this situation was not a test. It took even longer to resign himself to the inevitability of being vaporized by the atmosphere of the planet to which he must now be hurtling at meteoric speed.
	He closed his eyes to pray, and listened for the energies that would soon be swirling through him. He was entering the world of Nature's God, and he was at Its mercy now.

~~~~~

	Above Summerdale the night had drawn down a thick, pervasive darkness that incarcerated everything in a veil of silence. Azoic's efforts were shocking the still air with harsh sounds because he was crunching at the sand with a shovel. He was encircled by a sand-ridge that preventing him from seeing much else but the vastness of the night's sky. The sand-ridge framed a star-field that hung like a heavy blanket, permitting barely enough light for Azoic to see by.
	He was now a man with a mission, albeit a borrowed mission, and it was keeping him company when he could not sleep. Before Neariah had gone to bed, she had propped the divining sticks up against the shovel, and then walked away. She must have known that he would spend the entire evening staring at them, like a gift that he feared to accept. The shovel had eventually fallen into his lap as he sat beside it, as if its patience had also run out.
	The darkness did him the admirable favor of hiding his clumsy efforts from the possibility of critical observation, but he still felt self-conscious. In darkness he had experimented with the devining process, only to find that the sticks moved if an owl hooted, or if a bat flew overhead, but not in response to anything he might call magical. He had resorted to closing his eyes and pointing at random until he had found a potential well-site that was not occupied by a plant. After all, he felt guilty enough without digging up a defenseless plant. This is where he had ended up digging for half of the night.
	He stiffened at the sound of approaching footsteps, knowing that there was nowhere to retreat. One of the stars seemed to explode and he looked up as light filled his pit. It was a lantern, and he squinted at its flame, trying to adjust his eyes to its cheerful energy. Perhaps it was the very same sprite that had been imprisoned in Hushah's candle-pot, so many days ago.
	"I hope I am not interrupting you." The flame moved closer, illuminating Hushah's ghoulish smile.
	Azoic nodded. "A new prison...for the flame."
	"What?" Hushah crouched down, bringing the lantern to a sudden stop on the sand-ridge and bouncing the poor flame into a dizzy stupor. "Prison? Oh, this. It's just an old oil lantern, I thought you might like to have it for your digging." The flame suddenly grew stronger, again defining Hushah's smile. "It might help you find what you are looking for."
	"I seek myself." He shook his head, reminding himself to try to sound more optimistic. "Soft walls...held up with hope. Constant persuasion...."
	"Held up with hope and constant persuasion, that is funny."
	He could hear Hushah chuckle, but Hushah's eyes were deep shadows, thanks to the mischievous flame.
	"You sound much better, you were difficult to understand when we first found you. I am glad that you are making progress." Hushah scratched the side of his head and looked around into the darkness. "I thought this well building idea was a game for the children. I didn't realize that you were so serious about it."
	"Mmmm...serious, but it grows...out...not down."
	"Yes, it might be a good idea to build a stone wall, with steps in it. Otherwise it will be an endless project, and you will have to dig up our entire oasis. You need better tools, more than just my shovel there. You need rope, lanterns, buckets, mortar powder from the store, sandstone from the lake, a hand pick to shape the bricks....
	"Are you sure you really want to do this? There is a lot of work here, and it will take some careful planning. It may not be worth the effort, especially for a man of your years, and it could be a little dangerous if you don't do it right."
	"My years? Am I so old?"
	"I, ah.... You just look like you are.... I have a blade, for shaving...." Hushah grunted and changed the subject. "Do you remember your past yet? Did you have a profession?"
	"Well-builder. For as long as I can remember."
	Hushah leaned forward, dislodging a layer of sand that slid down onto Azoic's feet. The flame took the opportunity to embellish Hushah's intimidating smile-frown with an even more gruesome shadow-mask. "Do you remember nothing more of your past? It would settle a lot of concerns in the village if we knew more about you."
	Azoic looked down at his buried feet and shrugged. "They do not trust." His sigh blew through the hairs of his beard with a dry whistling noise.
	"We had a village meeting in Decimus' bank. Decimus wants to speak with you, but since you are my guest here, I thought I should first warn you that he is not always.... Ah, he means well, but he is just, ah, overly protective, of Summerdale, and other things that are important to him. Unfortunately, it seems that most of the villagers agree with him this time. Many of us are reluctant to have a continued stranger living here."
	"Do you trust?"
	"Me? Do I trust you?" Hushah pulled back out of the light. "I have not told my children to avoid you. Merab and Neariah? In fact, Neariah seems to think the world of you. Yes, of course I trust you, but when you keep changing your name and occupation it becomes too easy for folks to wonder whether you are hiding something."
	"Can I be Azoic, the well-builder?"
	"Yes, or Axle the axe-murder, Lucifer the soul destroyer, Aysefen the Ixis slave, Asofic the escapee from an insane asylum. Decimus provokes—" Hushah rubbed his mouth awkwardly "—Do you remember the Ixis? Did you live in Erebus, as an Ixis?"
	"Maybe Erebus, or further away. Am I suspected of being an Ixis? Is that bad?"
	"Yes and yes. You don't look very political to me, but then how would I know what political looks like? Most folks think you were once Ixis property, a slave on the run, or a spy on the run. You could be anything."
	"‘On the run' seems popular."
	"Aye, but running through the desert is the way to a slow death. You did not even have a horse, do you remember that?"
	"Yes, the horse, the burning rider. I did kill—"
	"You killed a horse-rider?"
	"The horse...." Azoic suddenly felt the air being pulled out of his lungs, and he hugged his stomach. "I killed it."
	"Oh, you killed your horse, but why?"
	"It needed water...."
	"Oh, I see. You ended its misery."
	Azoic tried to confess that he had not even done that, but Hushah kept talking.
	"Mr. Azoic, I really think that I should speak on your behalf. Your own words are your enemy, sometimes. Will you please tell me, in all honesty, who you are, so that I can help you."
	Azoic was surprised at the sudden frustration in Hushah's voice, and he raised his shoulders in apology. "I don't remember much. I remember Nature was my teacher. It seems that I understood Nature better once. I think I have always wanted to understand Nature."
	"Were you a gardener, like Ginnetho? Did you plant things, vegetables, flowers?"
	"No. Perhaps I wanted to, but I don't think I was allowed to. I had a garden, but it was an empty garden. I studied, I grew thoughts. I could not touch Nature, or people.... I lived apart." Azoic shook his head and wheezed miserably. "Naturalist."
	"What does a naturalist do?"
	"Worships Nature."
	"You worshipped God, don't you mean?"
	"Everything is God."
	"Well, I never looked at it that way, but I suppose—actually, if you are a faithful man it could be seen as a good thing by most folks, unless it challenges Decimus, who likes to think he is the only...."
	Again Hushah leaned back, looking out into the emptiness. "Anyway, I have heard that there are big education houses in the Ixis cities, and you seem the type to be lost in books. You don't act like you ever had a real job—no offense intended. I used to have some books myself once, story books.
	"I gave them to Berea, the lady who teaches the kids in the Sabbath-house? She is the large lady who sweeps the sand out of Decimus' house every morning? Anyway, I can't read very well, myself. I never learned how, but I collected two shelves full of books, and to be honest, I was quite proud of them. Then, when the kids came along, and I couldn't...."
	Hushah's voice faded away for a few moments, before he resumed. "I was going to smoke, my last one, but I won't bother you with the smell of it. Here, you keep the lantern, you look like you need the light...."
	Hushah's feet had created a notch in the sand-ridge, through which Azoic watched Hushah move away into the dark. His smoking stick had become a tiny red star that darted up and down, until it was extinguished. Hushah's silhouette then appeared for a moment, as he melted into the bright rectangle of his home's entrance, and then all was again dark—except for the small pool of fluttering light that surrounded the prisoner in the lantern.
	The flame began to fill his eyes with an orange glaze, and the dying breeze pushed hair across his eyes like tangled licks of fire. His head felt like it was burning slowly, as his nagging guilt returned, buzzing behind his eyes as if confirming him to be the mass murderer that Decimus suspected. He imagined the disappointment on Neariah's face upon learning that he really was a fraud, and somehow that deceit felt even worse than the crime of killing innumerable innocent people.
	For the first time he began to hate himself for not being the good person that he wanted to be. Perhaps it had been too much to hope for, that one day he might be worthy of Neariah's trust and friendship.

~~~~~

	Neariah ran towards the well, panting. She could imagine that Azoic must be the only person in the village who had not heard the news. He could not have seen anything of the recent events because he would be deep underground by now.
	As usual, it was up to her to enlighten him. However, it was not until she was standing beside the well that she realized how lazy Azoic had been. The well was no deeper than it had been the last time that she had looked down into it.
	"What have you been doing?" He was standing there motionless, staring into nowhere. She considered jumping in so that she could poke him with one of the divining sticks. There seemed to be no other way to gain his attention. "Azoic! You are dreaming again! Wake up!"
	He wheezed, and stumbled over his own feet, raising his arms as if he was trying to defend himself from the sunlight. "Who...? Wha…?"
	"Are you awake now? If you aren't careful, you will fall asleep one day and never wake up." At least he had started to move; so now he might appreciate the reprimand that she was about to give him. "How long have you been standing there, doing nothing? You worry me when your mind goes away like that. Why isn't it finished?"
	"Uh? Finished?" He checked his feet, as if he was only just realizing that he was standing in a well.
	"Yes, finished, Azoic. How long does it take to build a simple well, anyway?"
	"Oh...mmmm...days...many, many—"
	"You missed all the excitement! Uncle Spurius just rode in, straight into the lake, without saying hello to anyone. He is all burned, and he screamed when he jumped into the water. I suppose it must have stung, but I don't think he was in a very good mood even before that. He was saying all kinds of naughty things about the Ixis, and about other people who got burned like he did. They took him to Decimus' house to fix his head. His hair is all burned off, and his skin is all red. He looks frightening. Do you think that he will be all right?"
	"Uncle—?"
	"Yes, I'm telling you about Uncle Spurius. Are you listening, or are you still daydreaming? You are hardly making any sense again, Azoic. You are quite a big nuisance, you know."
	"Mmmm...sorry, who—?"
	"Uncle Spurius is my uncle, and he brings stuff from Erebus, like wine, and one time he brought me a puppy—" She bit her lip and kicked at the sand, then forced herself to continue. "Anyway, Uncle Spurius gets to do all the most fun things, but sometimes Daddy goes with him. Not to Erebus, though, only to Everdale, now and then. Daddy says Everdale is a really big oasis, and he said he would take me there one day, when I am older. It's very far away, but not as far as Erebus. That's why Uncle Spurius has to travel all the time, like the traders, although he isn't a trader because he lives here, sometimes. He is always in such a hurry to leave when he gets here, is Uncle Spurius, probably because he doesn't like Decimus very much. It is always exciting when he returns home, everyone starts to argue about everything."
	She lifted her palms up to the sky. There was nothing that she could do to make her uncle more sociable, no matter how many times she told him how much she missed him. "Uncle Spurius has a wagon, Daddy calls it the wine wagon. I wonder if that's why everyone is still arguing. Uncle Spurius forgot to bring the wine wagon with him this time. That would be very serious, I think."
	Azoic looked like he was searching for a way out of his well. "Ah, Azoic, you will probably need a ladder to escape from there, you are starting to bury yourself."
	She busied herself studying a lantern that someone had left in the sand, hoping that he would not see her laughing at him. "I think this lantern is still alight, but it is hard to say...."
	He was facing her now, but his gaze still belonged to the clouds above. She rather expected him to remain silent, staring like a statue, so his next question was a pleasant surprise.
	"Ixis?"
	"What? Oh, the Ixis. Yes, a good question, Azoic." Anything for conversation. "But how can you not know about the Ixis?"
	She raised her own gaze up to the same area of sky that Azoic was staring at and rubbed her forehead. Azoic was weird, but then she had to keep reminding herself that it was his very weirdness that made him her best friend. Neither of them quite seemed to fit in, and neither of them quite saw the world the same way that everyone else did—although she was far from sure exactly what Azoic did see, he really was weird.
	"Ah, yes, the Ixis." She tangled her fingers together the way that Teacher Berea always did, and then considered her lack of words carefully.
	"Ixis," she muttered again. "Actually, Merab knows more about the Ixis than me, because he is always at war with them. All I know, really, is that they aren't nice."
	"Why?" Azoic was suddenly giving her his undivided attention, both eyes.
	She smiled self-consciously. "Because you have to have bad people or you couldn't have a war?"
	"What do—"
	"Oh, I see what you mean. Why are the Ixis bad. I think they are in charge of the world, so everyone blames them when something needs to be fixed. Uncle Spurius, he was just saying that they—oops!"
	"Hmmm...?"
	"You mustn't tell anyone I was listening. It was a secret meeting but everyone went in, so—well, it is so easy to spy on grown-ups, you know."
	"Spurius—"
	"Uncle Spurius said—" She took a breath that would accommodate a great speech, but then hissed it all out again and shrugged. "I didn't understand much of what was said, but Uncle Spurius said that new Ixis are in charge now, and that they were just as...something...as the old Ixis. He used a rude word! He called them—" and she whispered it nervously "—Evil Butchers!"
	She swallowed and looked around to make sure that no one else had heard her. "And that's not all! He said there was going to be a big war, because all the Priests got burned up in a big fire! Yuk! Erebus is now run by soldiers, and that's really bad." She shook her head woefully.
	"Why bad?"
	"I don't know. Grown-ups, they exaggerate. Merab isn't really bad and he's a soldier."
	"I am not!" Merab stepped out from behind a tree and marched up to the pit, where he looked down with heightened disdain. "I'm a warrior, not a soldier. I don't fight for money, I fight for Summerdale!" He sniffed at Neariah contemptuously. "What are you doing? Is this the old man's grave?"
	"Don't be so rude, Merab. You know it's a well."
	"Why do we need a well? The lake is just there." He jabbed his thumb back toward the trees, apparently forgetful of his earlier challenge about building the well in the first place.
	"It's so people don't have to walk to the cupping beach all the time. It's more—" she groped for the word "—convenient!" She nodded to herself with satisfaction.
	Merab shrugged. "You probably won't find any water here anyway. You didn't use real divining sticks. John made his own so they weren't official ones."
	"So that's why you couldn't make them work, Azoic!" Neariah clapped. Then she realized that Azoic had spent all day digging for nothing, and her hands fell limply on the sand where she sat.
	"I think you're wasting your time. You won't succeed," pronounced Merab, bluntly.
	Azoic suddenly started digging again, throwing small scoops of sand up into the air. "Yes, find water. Have faith." He seemed oblivious to Merab's disgust.
	"Fine, you have all the faith you like. I'm going to swim in the lake. You can come too if you want to."
	Neariah was surprised by Merab's offer, but he was probably only being nice so that he could question her about Uncle Spurius. "No, thank you." She smiled at him, more politely than was absolutely necessary. "Azoic and I have to finish building our well."
	"Sure you do. You'll be digging forever and ever!" Merab sauntered off, shaking his head the way their father often did when refusing to admit defeat.
	"We will finish soon, won't we, Azoic?" She was sitting on her hands, still trying to smile.
	"No, not soon."
	"But when?"
	"Success is a pilgrimage, not a destination."
	"But what if we never reach water? Do we have to dig forever, like Merab said?"
	"Have faith."
	A gust of wind blew his latest scoop of sand into her face. She shook herself as she stood up. There was no way to understand some people. Azoic probably did not even realize that most of the sand that he was throwing around was falling straight back down on top of him. He was going to need a bucket if he was ever going to finish this stupid well. In fact, they might never get it finished unless they used some of the things that her father had been loading into his wheelbarrow just before her uncle had arrived.
	"I'll be right back, I have an idea." If she was going to supervise the work she was also going to need to make shade, and what would make better tent material than the white sheet that her uncle had been wearing?
	The sheet was probably still in the lake where her uncle had left it. Hopefully, her father and uncle would not mind her borrowing their things, especially when they saw what good use she was going to put them to.

~~~~~

	Hushah was watching his brother's pain with helpless frustration, but his wife seemed to be less incapacitated by the shock of seeing Spurius so disfigured. She was patting the bloody scalp with an aloe-soaked cloth, while Hushah watched his brother's jaw muscles flex, further emphasizing the awful damage to his skin.
	Where Spurius' gray hair had once been tied back into a long pony-tail, there was now fluid oozing from broken blisters. He had barely recognized his own brother; the lack of eyebrows or eyelashes, and the redness of his face, had given the man a crazed and violent appearance. The burns were ugly, but the memory that still consumed the man looked uglier.
	It was in his brother's eyes that the greatest changes had occurred. During that precious moment, before Decimus had come splashing into the lake to stand between them, they had shared an intensity of gaze that spoke of his brother's violation. However, it was not a feeling that they had been given a chance to discuss. Decimus had pulled Spurius away through an onslaught of questions from the villagers.
	He had followed the throng like a lost duckling, not knowing what to say or what to do, and now he felt invisible among the crowd in the storehouse. It seemed almost absurd that his brother's wounds should have to be attended to in such cramped conditions, but even under these circumstances, it was best not to inflame an argument with Decimus.
	The storehouse was attached to Decimus' bank-home, and to the Sabbath-house, as if each structure needed the other for support. The three buildings had been constructed to allow the walls separating them to be removed, in the event that their storage requirements might one day outgrow the storehouse. If that ever happened, a new Sabbath-house would need to be built, presumably also adjoining Decimus' home. Hushah had often imagined Decimus convening larger and larger meetings, in a home that would forever keep growing.
	Decimus' home was already the largest in the village, although Decimus was the only villager who did not have a family to fill it. Decimus would often remind people, that, as a banker, his residence must represent the village's financial affluence. Nobody ever reminded Decimus that he was the only person in the village who cared about financial affluence. Desert-folk were not generally inspired by the same ambitions that drove Decimus, but then he was the only villager who had been brought up in a city.
	Irritation with Decimus was but one of the many uncharitable thoughts that had been filling Hushah's head lately, thoughts that now had him backed into the corner of the storehouse, as far away from Decimus as he could get. He felt as if he no longer belonged to the commotion around him, as if he had become detached from Summerdale.
	No longer did he trust himself to keep the peace. No longer could he find the desire to be part of Decimus' audience. Never before had Hushah felt so critical of the pompous manner with which Decimus directed all proceedings, and never before had he felt so disgusted by the prospect of another endless speech.
	It was not like him to search for fault in everyone he looked at, as if he were a bitter man, but then he was not used to feeling so angry without knowing what he was so angry about. How could he have changed like this, and how could Summerdale have become so alien to him?
	Decimus was counting heads with obvious satisfaction, waving a finger as if blessing each and every one of those who were gathering around him. Ginnetho was hugging a barrel of wine that was balanced precariously upon a rickety crate. Jaalam, hiding between several thin bundles of garden cane, had become so stiffly wedged that his thin limbs seemed similarly bundled.
	Cabul was crouching over a bag of flour that was rubbing white marks onto his hindquarters. He was munching on a dried leaf, and aiming brown spittle through a crack between the floorboards. So far he had missed the crack, leaving an unpleasant pool of gook that could not possibly go unnoticed by Decimus much longer.
	Unlike those who confined themselves to smaller spaces, Berea continued to sprawl her body over a wide portion of the storehouse counter. It was a claim that went unchallenged because Berea was a woman who possessed wide proportions and who stored many warnings upon her countenance. Her loose cheeks were shaking at Decimus as she spoke. "But the Sabbath-house is far larger than the storehouse, and it isn't so cluttered, and its side-walls are only chest height, so people outside could see in without having to—"
	"Precisely, it would be too easy for the uninvited guest to invite himself." Decimus' counting-finger had swung around toward Cabul and his smile had faltered.
	Decimus' thin buttocks pressed back into the soft flesh around Berea's arm, but she did not chose to retreat. Instead she looked up at the back of Decimus' head with increased irritation. Hushah realized that perhaps Berea was also full of critical thoughts lately.
	Decimus clapped his hands to gain attention. "Gentlefolk of Summerdale, I will now call the meeting to order." He was then forced to jump onto the counter to make himself more visible. Berea's annoyance also became more visible, as she finally moved her face away from Decimus' buttocks.
	Decimus coughed delicately. "People of Summerdale, this meeting is drawn to order by the authority vested in me as Elder of our village—and, yes, I would appreciate some silence in the back there, thank you. Hello? That would be those of you at the back, who are still talking. Silence please." Suddenly there was silence.
	"Now, where was I? Perhaps I should start by briefly recounting some of the events that have been occurring in Erebus, for those of you who have not yet heard Spurius' story. Apparently, there was a fire—" he raised his palms "—and you will all remember me telling you that there had to be a perfectly good reason why the traders were no longer visiting us. They are obviously very busy, cleaning up after this fire."
	Hushah wanted to ask Decimus whether this meant that he no longer blamed Azoic for the traders' absence, but instead he pressed his lips together and frowned.
	Decimus was smiling down upon Spurius, the only person in the room who had any spare space to stand in. "The traders will soon be back, won't they, Spurius?"
	However, there was no answer. Spurius was staring at the floor as if he had no desire to participate.
	Decimus cleared his throat noisily. "Yes, so the traders will return in due course. In the meanwhile, it seems that we may have lost some of our trade assets to the fire. I am sure that Spurius will give us a better account of that in a moment. It is not as disastrous as it sounds. The assets were stored in an Ixis depositum, so they will owe us full compensation for our losses. It could work to our favor, in fact. It saves us the bother of having to sell—"	
	"It was not like any storm I have ever seen." Spurius was whispering. All movement ceased in the room. "There was no rain in the sky, only flames, sucking away the air. The wind was full of fire, as if the air itself was burning, and streams of suffocating soot danced like ghostly dragons. Flames flew on winds that pushed away walls and pulled away people. The fires crawled down streets and through houses. The air was so hot that, if you did not cover your face in a wet rag, your lungs would throw up pink pus until you could no longer scream. Then your exposed limbs would turn red, and from your skin would burst yellow fluids, and yellow flames would lick along your body until your skin peeled off to turn black.
	"Burning clouds would chase us, and we would run, blinded and falling over each other. Some moved too slowly, we were so weary, and they became part of the blackness, crusts stuck to buildings, all twisted. When we went back for them, some still had expressions...faces that crumbled into dust when we moved too close." Spurius stopped and stared at the floor as if planning to attack it.
	Decimus coughed again, and several villagers backed into each other in surprise. "As I was saying, the storm caused losses, and we may not see any traders for a while longer. So, we are going to have to make the best use that we can of the supplies around us. Now, more than ever, Summerdale is going to have to trust God, and in the words of the Scripture, ‘God saw it and was not pleased, and in the wrath of his anger they were destroyed; he wrought wonders against them to consume them in flaming fire'. I quote Sirach, chapter forty-five, verse nine. The Ixis are non-believers, and they—"
	Spurius began whispering again. "The Ixis soldiers were pushing us back into the fires, but the aqueducts had dried up so we could no longer soak our masks, and the sand that we threw just seemed to make the fires hungrier. The Ixis forced us to clear a path for them, through to the Inner City. We could either obey, or retreat into their waiting swords. So we ran through the flames, straight through the flames, not knowing where we would end up.
	"When we stopped running, we were surrounded by the shells of buildings that might once have been mighty palaces. There was a wide path of rubble in front of us. It was the Inner Ring Wall, but it had been blown over as if it had been made of paper. We were too tired to run anymore, but we knew that the Ixis would not let us live if they found us. It is death to see the Inner City unless you are from the Senatorial class, so we kept moving, some of us. Then we heard moaning, coming from underneath us, as if the ground was boiling up ghosts.
	"We found vaults, and passages, under the houses, and within them were whole families. The Senators had gone into hiding, perhaps they thought that the fires were part of a military coup. There were so many helpless families, with children, all baked in long ovens, like passages to Hell.
	"We made our way to one of the outer sectors, through streets that stank of death, through swarms of rats...great fat rats, jumping out of people's guts...piles of dirty bodies...and the flies, like clouds—" The water that Spurius had recently consumed was now dripping from his lips, and Hushah pushed forward to grab his brother's shoulders. "The bodies, Hushah, the bodies. Piled up in hills. The whole of Erebus has gone berserk! There is looting and murder, and nobody cares about anything except killing each other.
	"I followed a group of soldiers, a death squad that was accusing tired people of treason, so they could hang those that were not fighting the flames. It was the Ixis way to show everyone the punishment for disobedience.
	"The Outer Ringwall was the only wall that remained completely intact—the tallest wall, the one that encircles the entire city—and only the most senior soldiers were being allowed to pass through its gates. So I wrapped some extra rope around my waist and covered myself in a sheet, as if I was in a shroud. Then I hung myself on the wall, beside the swaying bodies, I waited for darkness and lowered myself down into the desert. Eventually I found a horse that they had tied up outside the gates—"
	"You stole a soldier's horse?" Decimus stepped back, almost losing himself off the back of the counter. "But, it will have an Ixis brand. We will have to give it back, or hide it, or set it loose, or something...." Hushah looked up at him with narrow eyes, which seemed to cause Decimus to straighten his shirt and continue even more loudly.
	"We do not need to go into any more detail about people burning, just now, thank you, Spurius. Obviously, Erebus' problems are Erebus' problems, and we should be discussing our own problems. I am sure that we will have plenty of time to hear more about your adventures at a later time. Today, ladies and gentlemen of Summerdale, we need to contend with dangers that are much closer to our own community."
	There were some mutters of surprise, and Hushah frowned as he guessed why Decimus might be pulling at the aggravated atmosphere like one who has smelled a hidden truth and is ready to exhale a conviction. "Yes, the time has come to decide what should be done with that insane man."
	"The what?" Hushah was not going to let Decimus get away with such an unfair accusation.
	"I said that your guest is insane, Hushah; unless you have a better description?"
	"Yes, I do. I spoke with Azoic last night; he seemed much less disturbed—"
	"Disturbed, or disturbing? That man is dangerous, and we have enough to worry about without inviting more trouble. We have all heard about that man's many identities. However, Cabul here—" Decimus' smile twitched as he looked down at Cabul "—has very wisely suggested that the stranger might be a run-away Ixis slave, and we certainly do not want the Ixis to come here looking for him. They might think that we intended to steal him from them, and it already seems that we have one of their stolen horses in our village. In fact, should the Ixis ever conclude that we are sheltering the slave who started the fires in the first place—"
	"Started the fires?" Hushah was not the only one to ask this. "You just said that the fires were started by lightning."
	"I said, ‘during lightning', not ‘by lightning'. Were you not listening to Spurius as we walked up from the lake? He was telling us how the Ixis were searching for arsonists—"
	"No." Spurius was again staring down at the floor. "What I said was that the Ixis were accusing everyone—"
	"Precisely! And who could be a more likely arsonist than an insane slave who does not have a name? Does he really expect us to believe that he was a free man, who did not have an occupation, or a home, or possessions?"
	"But he does have an occupation!" Hushah realized that he had shouted, because the storehouse had suddenly become silent again. He made himself lower his shoulders and inhale deeply before saying, "Last night, Azoic told me that he lived in Erebus, and that he used to study...things."
	"I told you he came from Erebus." Decimus was wagging  his finger again.
	"Yes, but so did you, Decimus, and you are not Ixis, are you?" Hushah instantly regretted his sarcasm, but there was no retreat now. "So, as I was trying to say, I spoke with Azoic last night and he was saying things that only a decent, religious gentleman would—"
	"No!" Decimus jumped down from his counter and stood red-faced in front of Hushah. "I can tell who is, and who is not, a decent religious man, perhaps better than anyone else here. If the crazy man told you that he studied our God, then he is lying. He is not decent, he is a heathen, and as such, he is on his way to Hell.
	"Hushah, you must remember that the Ixis worship many gods. Our God cannot be treated as one of many. That is why our religion is the only religion that is illegal in Erebus. The Emperor wants more gods, not fewer gods. That way he is better able to force the population to worship him, as a god. We have one God, our religion cannot recognize the Emperor's preposterous ambitions, and so those who believe in the one God are persecuted. If the crazy man was one of us, he would long ago have left Erebus, or been executed. So, whatever that man told you is a lie.
	Hushah stepped back. "But perhaps Azoic studied gardening, or...." It sounded weak, and he looked around at the many shocked faces that were staring at him.
	"I do not care what he studied, that is not the issue here. While the Ixis think that we use the Sabbath-house for worshipping the Emperor, they will leave us alone. That is why we do not gather to pray while we have traders in the village. Don't you think that the insane man suspects something by now? Your own child has already been fooled into thinking that he is her friend, so she must have given him plenty of opportunity to find out about our God. Hushah, we may have been fooled by this man, but we will be fooled no longer. Do not forget that your loyalty is to Summerdale, not to a crazy man who mortally threatens our faith."
	Hushah stared at Decimus, but instead of seeing anger in Decimus' eyes, he could now see pity. With Decimus patting him on the shoulder, the unbearable pressure of his own confusion seemed to well up inside him, and he turned to his brother for support.
	"Spurius?"
	"It is not like you to be so aggressive, little brother, I am proud of you." Spurius leaned forward. "However, you seem to have picked an argument that you cannot win, and for once I think Decimus may be right. These are dangerous times. We can not afford strangers among us."
	Hushah realized that everyone was now staring at him, waiting for him to say something, but he felt emptied of any useful thoughts. It came as a sickly kind of relief when Decimus smiled in forgiveness. Then Decimus lifted his pointed chin toward the back of the storehouse and began projecting his most authoritative voice into the anxious mutterings.
	"We do not know whether or not the stranger set fire to Erebus. We do not know if we are harboring a runaway slave who is hiding from prosecution. However, it does not matter what we know, it is what the Ixis might find out that could bring destruction upon every one of us." There were several gasps, and this time Decimus did not lift his palms to settle his audience. "We could be damning ourselves. We could be asking for the same fate that probably awaits the crazy man."
	Berea was wagging her head at Hushah, as if she had only just been given the opportunity to chastise. "Yes, the crazy man chased Merab and John through the woods only yesterday. I don't think that frightening children is something that a religious man would do—more likely he worships the Devil—and that well of his! Pah! It is so dangerous, it could bury a child that slipped into it." She folded her arms around her ample bosom and pulled her chin back into the speckled fold of skin around her neck, as if she expected such a heavy expression to have put the argument to rest.
	Hushah asked incredulously, "Do you think that Azoic should be sent back out into the desert, Berea?"
	Decimus leaned wearily against the counter, blocking Hushah's view of Berea. "Nobody is sending the man to his death, Hushah. You said yourself that he is much healthier now. In fact, he is so healthy that he is out there, alone with our children, digging his way to Hell as we speak. We have done what we can for him, and now it is time to give him that horse that Spurius borrowed, and send him on his way. He will ride out beyond the desert and we will never have to worry about him again."
	Hushah nodded. He should have known that this was why Decimus had called the meeting, and that this was the only conclusion they could reach. Azoic had never fitted in. Summerdale had never been comfortable with him in it. Yet, it was not until this very moment that he realized why he had tried so hard to help Azoic become a villager.
	He began shaking his head, slowly. "Yes, I suppose so, but how can I explain all this to Neariah? She thinks that he is her friend, and she will be heart-broken indeed."


A8: TELLING DEEDS

	It had required extraordinary exertion before Neariah could retrieve Spurius' sheet from the lake, and she was proud of her achievement. She had been forced to dive deeply so that she could unhook it from a tree's root.
	To her, it had looked like a bird with its wings flapping toward the shimmering surface, while a snake tried to drag it down into the darkness. Unfortunately, she had ripped the poor creature in her haste to rescue it. The tear and the nasty bloodstains were now concealed within a swan-sized ball that fitted snuggly under her arm.
	The grown-ups were still pouring out of Decimus' storehouse, shaking their heads, and she smiled at them to see if she could cheer them up a little. However, her smile only seemed to make them shake their heads more heavily.
	"It's a swan," she explained, sliding the sheet behind her.
	"You father is looking for you." Ginnetho was pointing into the woods, and she nodded to thank him for the warning. How could her father have expected her to ask for permission to borrow his tools when he had not been available to ask? Now he was probably going to chastise her, but she would almost certainly be allowed to borrow the tools anyway. Grown-ups were as silly as chickens, sometimes.
	Azoic's shovel was still in the well, but to her dismay, Azoic had managed to escape. He was nowhere to be seen. If this meant that he had given up, after all the trouble she gone to, collecting things for him, then she would be having some very strong words with him. It was a full time job, keeping an eye on Azoic, and she was getting quite tired of it. She threw the ball of material down beside the well, next to the tools and the tent-pole—another item that she had gone to great trouble to find—and stamped off toward the trees.
	She no longer smiled at the grown-ups she passed. They had begun to look as serious as lizards, and she knew that when grown-ups looked as serious as lizards, there was no way to cheer them up. Besides, most of them were pointing their lizard-like expressions in her direction, as if everyone knew that she had been raiding village supplies without permission.
	Merab was watching her too, but he was not looking as pleased as he normally would when she was about to get chastised. In fact, he looked unusually concerned about her. She squinted at him, and he immediately looked away, which was not normal for him, either.
	She walked toward him, saying, "That is my sheet, don't you go stealing it while I'm gone." She continued to squint at him, wondering why he was acting so strangely. If he wanted her sheet, he would be looking angrier and sticking his chest out, but instead he was hiding behind the same lizard-like expression that all the grown-ups seemed to have. What was going on around here?
	She came to a stop in front of him, with her fists on her hips. "So?" She tilted her head to one side and waited.
	"I suppose you want to know where the crazy man is."
	She bit her lip, knowing that any response would delay him.
	"Well, I just might happen know what the crazy man is running away from."
	"I doubt it. You don't know anything." She started turning away, slowly.
	"They frightened him."
	"Who?"
	"Everyone. They were very angry—"
	"What did they say to him?"
	"They didn't say anything, but they found out what he is."
	"Oh, and what is he then?"
	"I don't think I should tell you, it's a really big secret."
	"Were you spying on the meeting?"
	"We didn't have to, they were all shouting as if they wanted us to hear. I can't believe you went swimming when there was so much going on."
	"I was getting some important supplies for building our well, and that's our sheet so you stop looking at it as if you are planning to steal it."
	"You don't have any idea what is going on, do you? If you had only been here, you would have seen everything. It was so funny. The insane man jumped out of that well as if his bottom was on fire, and then he started hopping around, doing his dying wheeze thing, and saying, "mmmust see lake—" Merab's embarrassingly accurate imitation of Azoic was making the story almost believable "—mmmust see nature, mmmmust see my own nose, mmmmust see if my bottom is on fire—"
	"Merab, you just tell me what everybody said, immediately!" Her demand only caused Merab to shake his head, and she smacked the hair out of her face, annoyed that she had allowed herself to be pulled along by his silly games. "Fine, I will find out eventually, anyway." She started walking away, less slowly this time.
	"If I tell you, can I have the sheet?"
	She spun around, almost shouting, "Yes, take it, just tell me what they said!"
	Merab shrugged. "Oh, they only found out that Azoic is an Ixis slave who went around murdering people by setting fire to them." He started making faces that presumably depicted a person being burned alive. "That was why he is on the run, and hiding from prosecution, here in Summerdale."
	She knew how easily hurt Azoic could be, and she could quite imagine somebody saying something that might upset him, but Merab was obviously just exaggerating to irritate her. Nobody would have been so cruel as to say such a nasty thing to Azoic, would they?
	"If you think I'm going to give you my sheet for that, you are very much mistaken. You are just making up lies to be mean and spiteful. You are jealous that we have a well and you don't. You tell me exactly what happened or I'll tell Daddy you were spying on his meeting." She needed exact details, immediately.
	Unfortunately, instead of being more honest, Merab seemed to become crueler. "Azoic told Father that he used to live in Erebus, and that he used to go to school there, but Decimus said that nobody is allowed to live in Erebus if they go to school. Besides, the insane man is too insane to go to school, Teacher Berea even thinks he is a Devil-worshipper."
	She forced herself to smile. "Oh, look. Daddy is coming to talk to us, and he's running. Perhaps I should ask him what Teacher Berea really said."
	Merab was backing away, no longer smiling. "Don't you dare, or I'll never be your friend again."
	That was not much of a threat, since he was never friendly anyway, but she had no intention of getting him into trouble. "Don't worry, I'm not horrible like you."
	She knew that grown-ups rarely ran anywhere, even when they were in a hurry, so she became increasingly concerned about her father's approach. He was breathing heavily, as if he had been running for a long while.
	"Neariah, where have you been? I was looking for you."
	"I was swimming."
	"You were? I looked in the lake, but I didn't—"
	"That's probably because I was under the water, see?" She pointed toward the ball of cloth. "It was all right to borrow it, wasn't it?" She smiled sweetly at him, hoping that his worried expression would not turn to anger.
	"Oh, I see. Yes, fine, but I thought you were with Azoic. Where is he?"
	"I don't know, I've been looking for him for too."
	Her father began shaking his head slowly. "He is a funny person, isn't he, Possum? He really doesn't seem to fit in too well around here, does he?"
	She was not at all sure where this was leading, and she gave him a long sideways stare. He laughed at her, then became serious again, all in the same breath. "Why are you looking for Azoic, Daddy?"
	"Ah, I have to, ah.... I have to talk to him. I have to take him to Everdale. Perhaps you would like to come with us?"
	"Can I come too?" Merab was bouncing up and down beside her like a hungry wallaby, which only served to make her father look more confused.
	"No Merab, I'll talk to you in a moment. Can you leave us alone for a while, please."
	She was suddenly feeling afraid, as if something awful was about to happen. She watched silently as Merab stamped away, and she could see that he too was fighting back tears, although his were tears of frustration. Could any of what Merab had been saying to her be true? Was her father about to tell her that Azoic was really a bad person?
	"Why does Azoic have to go to Everdale, Daddy? The well isn't finished."
	"I think...because...it's...how do I explain this?" He was shaking his head and looking at his feet, which was always a bad sign. "Azoic does not belong here, he is different from us. He needs to go somewhere that people, like him, go where.... He needs to find a home that—"
	"This is his home." She was pointing at the well, which she realized was a ridiculous place to point, but she knew that the guest hut was not a home. "He belongs here, with us. He doesn't have anyone else."
	"Yes, but nor do some of the traders—"
	"He's not a trader, he's a... a... a magic person—" Her father had raised his eyebrows, as if this was not acceptable news, so she added, "and he's my best friend."
	She was lifted toward his chest, until she was looking down on his upturned face. Through tear-soaked eyelashes, she could see his frown, and hear the resolution that came with his next words. "Sometimes we have friends who go away."
	"Like Crazymutt?" she asked, horrified that her own father might imply that Azoic might not be coming back again.
	"Ah, no, not like Crazymutt. Azoic is not going to die, he is just going to go and have a better life somewhere else."
	"But you said he was just going to Everdale—"
	"Where God will help him to continue on his way."
	"That's what you said about Crazymutt, but I wasn't allowed to have a proper burial for him so he might not have gone to Heaven and I don't know how to find out what happened to him, after he died."
	Images of Azoic lost in a daydream kept flashing into her mind, among the images of Crazymutt, not breathing. Sobs were beginning to make it difficult to talk. "Azoic doesn't like the desert, he needs to be here, where I can keep an eye on him, and where he can get his senses back, and build a well, and be close to nature—"
	"Yes, he told me that he likes nature, too, although he doesn't seem to like animals very much."
	"Yes he does."
	"My camel almost frightened the life out of him when we first found him."
	"But that's just because your camel has a bad temper. Azoic talks to all kinds of animals, you know, I've seen him."
	"Yes, he talks to many things. He is probably in the woods talking to a tree as we speak. That's why he is not like us. He's a stranger."
	"No, he's not." She wrestled her way back to the ground. "You don't understand, he's the kindest, nicest, wisest person in the world. You just have to get to know him better, then he won't scare you anymore."
	Decimus was shouting at her father as he approached, causing her father to pat the top of her head as if he wanted her to be quiet—as if she should just become invisible.
	Decimus was smiling. "Azoic seems to be missing. Who was the last to see him? Neariah?"
	"No, she was swimming."
	Neariah bit her lower lip. Yes, she had been swimming when she should have been here to protect Azoic from these mean grown-ups. There was no other explanation, somebody must have said something horrible to him, because Azoic would not be hiding otherwise. She could certainly imagine Decimus being horrible to Azoic.
	She slipped to the ground and pulled her head out from under her father's hand. She was suddenly running, thinking of places to search. As she swung into Azoic's guest hut, she already knew that he would have left the oasis. It was what anyone would do, if they didn't feel welcome anymore. She gasped, feeling suddenly alone, and stared out into the heat-smeared horizon, unable to move onto her next thought.
	"I saw tracks leading off into the desert, from the far side of the oasis." Cabul ran past her, also panting heavily. "The wind is picking up, so the tracks are getting fainter. They head west, maybe he's going back to the city. I climbed a tree, but I couldn't see him. It's hard to see the horizon this time of day, especially with this much sand in the air." Cabul slowed his breathing, but he did not stop talking for long enough to give Neariah a turn to ask any questions. "The crazy man certainly picked a bad time to start walking, but at least he went off by his own free will. It could have been unpleasant otherwise. He might have become violent or something."
	Decimus lifted his sharp nose as if suddenly smelling something. "It is hardly surprising that he chose now to run off, is it? He tricked us for as long as he was able, and he would have been risking our disdain if he tried to spin his lies around us any longer." Neariah could see that Decimus was patting her father's shoulder, as if her father had become his toy, and to Neariah's dismay her father was not offended.
	She walked toward her father with determination and grabbed his waist. Looking up at him in desperation, she tried to speak as loudly as Decimus. "You can't let Azoic die out there; we have to go and rescue him!"
	"I don't think that you will find too many volunteers for that, my dear." Decimus was laughing at her. "Especially since the crazy man will not want to be found. Don't worry about him, Hushah. He is not our responsibility anymore, he is his own man. Let him be."
	Neariah pulled at her father's arm, her disbelief turning to horror. "No, Daddy, no!" His smile of regret did little to pacify her and she stared through stinging eyes at the harsh faces surrounding her. "You aren't going to help him are you, any of you? You are all going to leave him out there, aren't you? You are all horrible, horrible people, and I hate all of you!" She threw a long, incriminating glare at her father. "I don't want to live in this horrible village anymore, either!"
	With that she pushed her way through several pairs of legs, using her elbows, and ran toward her bedroom. She was full of a more bitter frustration than she had ever known, and she had said all that she ever intended to say to any of them.
	By the time she had slammed her fists into her bed, she had made up her mind about what she was going to do. She was going to rescue Azoic all by herself. When she had found him, she was not going to bring him back to Summerdale. They needed somewhere nicer to live than Summerdale, and anywhere else had to be nicer than living here. Unfortunaely, they were going to have to live somewhere very far away.
	The last time that Azoic had needed rescuing, her father had used a camel, but she was not about to ask one of those huge, grumpy beasts if they would mind being ridden. So, she and Azoic were going to have to walk to Erebus, where she felt sure that the next stage of her plan would become obvious.
	She pulled her father's wine canister off the shelf, twisted the stopper out of it, emptied its sickly smelling contents onto her mother's polished floor, then refilled it using the water jug on the kitchen table. She did not expect that her mother would be too impressed with the mess, or that her father would be pleased that she had wasted some of his wine, but she was in a determined hurry and she did not have time to consider consequences.
	She could see, out of the window, that the grown-ups were now congregating around her sheet, so she was going to have to find a replacement sun-shelter. Her mother's tablecloth was much cleaner, and it would feel softer against her skin. It would also be easier to breathe through, which would be important now that the sand was beginning to fly off the tops of the dunes. She packed the tablecloth under her arm, then took a deep breath, trying to think of anything that she might be forgetting to take with her.
	No, it was time to go. She could hear everyone arguing, and they did not even look in her direction as she ran into the woods. Soon she was alone, and leaving the shade of the trees to push herself into the mid-day's blasting heat.
	Here she was unable to run because it was too tiring in the loose sand. The weight of the water canister was now pressing on her back, forcing her to bend over as she settled into long rhythmic strides.
	She began muttering to herself to keep her mind off the increasing discomfort. Her eyes were stinging, so she decided to keep them closed as much as she could, while also making sure that the sun's heat remained on the same side of her face, pushing its presence through her table-cloth. She would soon find Azoic, and then they would reach Erebus, so this discomfort would not last much longer.
	All she had to do was to keep the sun on her left cheek, or was it her right cheek—she always got left and right confused. Anyhow, her father always pointed in this general direction whenever he talked about Erebus, and besides, if Erebus was such a large place then it could hardly be difficult to find.
	There was a nagging worry in the back of her mind that she might get lost, but this worry could not compete with the greater worry of imagining Azoic dying from thirst before she could save him. She was again obliged to heft her unrelenting load higher up her back, cursing at it through the sheet, but she knew that Azoic would not have a water canister of his own. This water could mean life, especially if Azoic was already dying of thirst.
	She had lived in the desert all her life, but she had never once been thirsty. Her tongue had now thickened until it could barely be contained inside her mouth. Sand had found its way between her teeth and the feel of hot air in her lungs was sharp enough to make a person cry. She just had to stop and drink.
	She gulped two more times than she had intended, even though the water tasted far less pleasant than she had been imagining. As she resumed her walk, the remaining water splashed around inside the canister. Although lighter, its hollow chugging pressed a warning into her heart, as if it was laughing at her weakness. How much longer would the water last? Without it, she would not be able to revive Azoic.
	Summerdale had become a blister on the horizon, visible only when the wind settled, and then only when she was on top of one of the higher dunes. She had never been this far from the oasis, and it seemed to call her back each time she looked for it. Yet, the memory of those horrible villagers kept her walking away. She resolved not to look back anymore, since doing so only made her feel heavier.
	It was a long time before the afternoon shadows began to creep between the dunes. This allowed her to find shade for her legs, but her arms continued to burn. Her limbs ached through to the bone. Her mind would not stop wandering. Her ankles would carry her into sand troughs that were increasingly difficult to climb out of. The blustering crests offered the only vantage from which to search, so she had no choice but to fight her way back up onto each new crest, one by one.
	For the last while, she had been following her own elongated shadow, which was leading her toward two huge rocks that projected up out of the sand like the broken ankles of a god-like statue. There was no sign of the rest of this god-statue, and she imagined that it must have exploded into dust when the wind blew it over, scattering the god into the desert.
	Mercifully, she was now making faster progress than she had come to expect. The sand was no longer trying to swallow her alive by sliding out from under her feet. Yet, the god's ankles proved to be much further away than she had estimated, and it took her a long while before she was near enough to wonder why she had aimed for them.
	Then she remembered. She had needed a vantage point. She was going to climb one of them and look around. Despite the equally desperate condition of her own ankles, she had chosen to climb the furthest and largest butte, toward which she once again resumed marching.
	She did not stop to rest when she arrived. Instead, she attacked the shaded side, pushing her fingers and toes into the hot, sandblasted crevices as she looked up at the imposing cliff. She had never climbed anything as big as this before. There had only been trees and boulders in the oasis—but those days were history now.
	She gritted her teeth and pulled. There were plenty of deep crevices, which made for good holds, but which might also be the home of evil reptiles. She kept telling herself that any such creatures would be just as scared of her as she was of them, but that did not prevent her from almost falling off the rock when she found herself face to face with one of them.
	It was the exact monster that she had been imagining. It lay motionless in a jagged notch, looking down upon her fingers as if preparing to bite them off. It was a giant chameleon, and it seemed to be as determined to block her path as she was to resist any retreat.
	She moved her fingers away slowly, staring back at it, and knowing that if it attacked she would have no way to defend herself. Fortunately, it remained motionless, as if it had become part of the crevice that it was lying in. It was as red as the rock, as if both had been baked together, and it looked equally ancient and equally lifeless, except for its chameleon eyes, the nearest one of which was flicking over the entire length of her body as if it was still deciding where to bite.
	"Don't you go getting any nasty ideas," she whispered to it. This seemed to do the trick, because it started to move away, slowly. "Yes, you are frightened of me, too, aren't you. Don't worry, I won't hurt you."
	As she had often discovered, talking often made things seem less frightening. You only had to imagine what a creature might be feeling, and it would no longer seemed quite so ugly or menacing, although its tired, gray, swollen eye still looked back at her, offering cynicism.
	Meanwhile, its other eye was moving independently, like Azoic's—no, not like Azoic's, his eyes were gentle eyes. This creature's eye pierced her with an unblinking condescension, judging her in ways that Azoic's eyes never would. The creature suddenly looked ugly again.
	The chameleon had probably climbed up here to shake off the remaining tatters of its discarded skin. Tiny white sails were curling away from its crusty back and fluttering into the mounting wind, like half-eaten moths. She shuddered and pulled herself away from its malevolent inspection. Again, she had become so distracted by her thoughts that she had forgotten what she was doing. This, the top of the world, was a dangerous place to lose one's concentration.
	At last she reached the relative safety of the butte's tabletop, although the end of her climb came as a relief, not as cause for celebration. The giant structure on which she was kneeling, panting and sick from the heat, was covered with rusty shards that chewed at her bloody knees. She eventually managed to create a protective seat for herself out of her mother's once clean but now shredded tablecloth.
	She smeared blood over her legs when she rubbed them, and she shivering despite the warmth in the wind that was whistling past her. She was tired, hungry, aching—especially her feet—and thirsty! So very thirsty that she dared not even think about her water canister, in case her will to save it for Azoic should be overcome.
	Azoic was nowhere to be seen, and to her surprise, nor was Summerdale or Erebus. She must have picked the wrong direction, and only now could she see how many wrong directions there could be. The world had grown much larger, and she was feeling ever smaller in its menacing scope. She stared out at the endlessness from her vantage point, and tried not to cry.
	Her thoughts returned to Summerdale, where she ought to be sitting on her cozy bed, drinking cold mango juice and listening to her mother cooking. Her mother did not like her to play out in the desert—what would she say if she knew how far the desert went on for, and how far she had walked?
	There was a little pride mixed with her anxiety, but no matter how much she had achieved, she knew that she would be in deep trouble if she ever returned home. This was the first time that she had ever done anything that she knew her parents would be furious about, but it was also the first time—to her knowledge—that her father had ever been completely wrong.
	Would she ever see them again? There they would be, long after she was dead, sitting down eating her favorite soup for dinner, complaining about what a bad daughter she had been.... Yet, they seemed happy enough to go on with their lives without her. Again, she remembered their harsh faces, and again she remembered Decimus' hand on her father's shoulder. There was that look of pity from her father when she was begging him for help, and Decimus was laughing because he wanted Azoic to die.
	Yes, Decimus had tricked her father into hating Azoic! Poor old Azoic could not look after himself. He could not even see properly. Nobody had given Azoic a chance, yet he had always been so nice to everyone. He had even built half a well for them, but nobody had appreciated it. Nobody had tried to help him, and he had worked so hard, especially for a sick person, and he had talked to her when nobody else had wanted to talk to her, and he was her best friend and she trusted him even if nobody else did.
	Tears were demanding a presence in her eyes, but she would not let them get in her way. "Why do people get so nasty when they are afraid?" She turned her complaints toward the fattening sun, and almost blinded herself with its powerful light. "Why doesn't anyone care?" She clenched her fists defiantly and blew grit from her dry lips. "It's that Duckface's fault! He doesn't trust anyone. Just because Azoic is wiser than Duckface! Old Duckface thinks that he's a proper Elder, but we know what Mommy calls him behind his back." She put her hand over her mouth and listened to the moaning wind, pretending that it was translating the sun's response to her.
	"Yes, and you heard Mommy tell Teacher Berea that Decimus is only the Elder because he's the oldest, and not because he is God's closest friend. So now perhaps Azoic is the oldest, and the wisest, and I doubt very much that God and Decimus were ever friends. So, that's why Duckface is being so mean to Azoic, you see?" She was relieved that the sun saw, because she did not quite understand how else to explain the point she was trying to make.
	Above her, the sickly-gray sky was filling up with bulging clouds that piled rudely into each other. A fierce gale appeared to be blowing away half of the horizon. It was wrestling clouds of sand up into the sky to make the darkness look more miserable than it already was. It was obviously not going to be a nice night to be left out in the dessert, and she began to realize how deeply afraid she was of dying.
	However, she was not about to let self-pity distract her from the job she had set for herself. She smacked at her hair, and carefully stepped on the treacherous shards of rock, turning to view the vast nothingness, stretching her raw gaze across the shimmering purple band that used to be a blue horizon.
	"Where are you, Azoic?" She continued to turn, sliding her feet through the rasping scales. "I can't see Summerdale anymore, but I'm sure it can't be too far away. If I just keep looking...." The talking game was necessary to avoid thinking about her thirst, but she aught to be talking about Azoic, not about Summerdale. "Yes, and Azoic can't be too far away, either, can he?"
	Having got used to her slow spin, her body seemed to want to continue the motion, even though it was making her feel sick. It occurred to her that if she tried to keep her feet moving much longer she would be in danger of cutting her feet, or even of falling. Yet, the world seemed content to continue revolving around her. The horizon was becoming an endless smear, punctuated by a fat orange spot that made her squint every time she was facing it.
	She was very much aware that the orange spot was sinking away from sight, and that it would soon leave her in darkness with nothing to talk to. "Do you know where Azoic is, Mr. Sun?" She reconsidered her words.
	"Yes, of course you know where he is, you can see everything, can't you. I bet you even know where he came from. Also, if you could only speak for yourself, I bet you could ask God if he could forgive Azoic. Yet, I still can't imagine Azoic doing anything that needs to be forgiven. Perhaps God needs to forgive everyone else for not being like Azoic. That wouldn't be too much to ask, would it?"
	She checked her spinning and stared at the sun in shock as it said, "Such faith in me." Her eyes filled with powerful orange light as she began to recognize the wheezing voice. Then the world lurched as it started itself spinning again, allowing her to catch only a few more words.
	"You are falling...!"

~~~~~

	Hushah was pushing his fingers into the soft patch in his wife's kitchen floor. The polished animal-dung cement was only vulnerable to water if left to soak, and the insertion depth of his fingers indicated that it had been soaking for quite a while. Moserah was holding an empty water jug and staring at him in stunned silence. He had just told his wife to shut up, something that he had never done before, but he had not meant to sound so angry—he had just needed time to think.
	A wine canister was missing, as was the tablecloth, and the water jug was empty. He should have guessed that Neariah might try something dramatic like this, but he was still not certain that she was out in the desert. There was still the possibility that she was hiding in the woods so that everyone would search the desert for her, and thus for Azoic....
	No, she was not that devious, and besides, she would feel the need to find Azoic herself. She would have convinced herself that nobody would care if she dissappeared, and with a determined stride she could be a long way out by now.
	"Tell everyone in the village that Neariah is searching for the insane...for Azoic." He looked up at his wife's desperate expression, and stood up to hold her. "Don't worry, we will find her, but we must get everyone involved just to make sure that—" she does not disappear forever? "—she returns before she gets sun-burned. Now, don't worry, she can't have gone very far. Where did we put Spurius' horse?"
	"Under the trees, behind Decimus' house, but it isn't healthy enough to ride—"
	"The camels are slow. I haven't got much choice, but I'm sure this won't take long, the horse will be fine."
	There were several water sacks in the storehouse. As he ran he shouted instructions toward any villager who came within earshot. He doubted that any of them heard a full sentence, but he could not let himself stop and look at them directly. His head ached from the confusion he was trying to contain, and a blinding hostility was surging inside him, which he might not be able to restrain if he tried to be polite. It was better to let Moserah organize everyone; he needed to be riding.
	The horse obviously realized how frustrated he was, because it did not resist when he started to gallop. Unfortunately, its respect evaporated when they neared the lake. He had to dismount and push it away from the water with his shoulder. The animal would be more difficult to ride if he let it drink. Besides, it was already overfilled with water from its last visit to the lake, carrying Spurius. Moserah was right about the horse's poor health. It would not take much to push his mount beyond its limits, forcing him to walk with it.
	It grunted and pulled at the tree to which he tied it, while he submerged the water sacks and waited impatiently for them to fill up. Eventually, he tied the sacks to the saddle and pulled the unfortunate beast until it was far enough from the lake to be mounted without losing control. He then kicked it onward with more force than was neccessary, sending the frightened animal into another perilous gallop through whipping branches, and out into the waiting desert.
	Only in the desert could the true size of the sky be viewed, and only in the desert did time seem to slow down long enough to allow one to view it. Here, there was only sand and sky, and more sand and sky, and of course, the blinding sun! No matter how many times he rode into the desert, and no matter how preoccupied he might be with other concerns, the desert never failed to remind him of how mortal he was. However, this was the first time that it had ever threatened to take away his child.
	It was not long before the horse was beginning to falter, but the possibility that it might give up on him and dump him into the sand had become strangely unimportant. The only thing that mattered was Neariah; she would still be walking out there, and she had been walking all afternoon.
	What a disgusting father he was, an adult who had lived in the desert all his life, but who had never taught his own child how to travel through it. How had he let this happen?
	He should have expected her to go searching for Azoic, because she was not the weak person that he was. He should have gone searching for Azoic himself; but he had been too absorbed in his own need to make life simple again. Yes, he had to admit to himself that he was a simple man, and that unexpected challenges filled him with fear and confusion. He was not like his daughter.
	Neariah jumped upon challenges with wide eyes, as if she was gorging herself on honey, and that was what made him so proud of her. That she could be so small, and that the desert could be so big, yet she would risk her own life for what she believed in.
	It had not mattered to her that the wind would make finding Azoic almost impossible; she would not be thinking of failure. She would have decided to walk through this eternal heat because she did not share her father's fear of doing the right thing, alone. Her father was a coward, a coward who had much to learn from his daughter.
	Yet, Decimus had been right about one thing, they did not have the right to force Azoic to live in Summerdale. Besides, Azoic's presence was not something that he alone could force upon the other villagers. There was no way to guess what risks he had already exposed them to by bringing the man into the village, and they could indeed suffer if the Ixis found an arsonist among them.
	So, was not the answer to move Azoic somewhere safer and more welcoming, somewhere that Azoic could fully recover his memory and thus prove his innocence? He could just imagine how ridiculous it would sound to Neariah, that there could be anywhere safer than Summerdale, but there was nowhere in Summerdale to hide if the Ixis arrived.
	Perhaps the children would have some suggestions about hiding Azoic. Neariah had recently been hidden under water, but it was too much to hope that Azoic might share her skills at swimming. Short of burying himself in his well, it was beginning to look as if Azoic could not possibly avoid....
	"That's it!" He was looking the horse in the eye, the horse had brought its head around to watch him suspiciously. "If we finished that well, we could hide Azoic down there! I could even make a cave, and conceal it by putting rocks around the...."
	He realized that he was gesturing at the horse as if he needed its approval, and he frowned at it. "So, yes, it's a wild idea, but even if it doesn't work it could give us more time to solve this dilemma." He would need to persuade the other villagers to let him finish the well before they banished the poor man; then he just might be able to think of a way for Azoic to stay.
	He pulled at the reins and the horse came to a halt, sighing loudly and shaking its head. He stood up on the saddle, which wobbled on the horse's thin backbone. Aside from searching the horizon, he also needed to make sure that any followers from Summerdale would see him. He would appear to them to be little more than a thin vertical line above the dust-filled heat-shimmers. The encroaching night could usually be expected to clear the air, but this evening's visibility seemed to be worsening.
	From his higher vantage he could see a long procession of dark shadows crawling across the desert, and it was not long before he could hear their vehement rasp. They were walls of rain, a fog forming colossal curtains and they were drawing closer. He almost lost his footing as the smell of damp wind pushed into his face, making the air suddenly cold.
	He dropped down into the saddle, and tried to urge the horse on again. The horse moved heavily despite his kicks, so he dismounted and poured water onto its muzzle, hoping to motivate the sorry-looking creature. Eventually it began to walk again, and he leaned his shoulder against its leeward side, becoming angrier with himself for not having used one of the camels. He should have found Neariah by now.
	Darkness was descending fast, and he had not seen any of the other villagers following him. Then some smaller shadows seemed to dance, out in the distance. He looked again, trying to discern who the collection of dark shapes might be. He turned the horse toward them, but it seemed like ages before he received any reply to his shouts. The voice that he heard was not one that he recognized.
	"Who is...." The voice was consumed by a sudden howl of wind, until it again punched through with more urgency. "...and where did you come from?" The dark shapes seemed to resolve themselves into men, just as another blast of sand caught him in the face and forced him to rub his eyes. When he was again able to see, the closest man had become a large individual who was running toward him with a bounding gait.
	The large man came to a stop and leaned forward, his hands resting on his knees. "We are lost. Can you help us?"
	"Are you traders?"
	"Yeah, traders, and you? Where did you come from?"
	"I, ah—" Hushah halted his own gesture just in time to turn it into a shoulder rub instead of a point. "Quite far!" He coughed several times as he squinted toward the other men that were still approaching. There were at least two more, and the nearest of them was pulling a mule wagon.
	Hushah had an increasingly uncomfortable feeling about these men, now that he was looking at them more carefully. He did not want to invite them into Summerdale until he knew what they were up to.
	This stranger standing in front of him was by far the largest, although the way he stooped almost brought him down to normal height. He was rounded in his facial features, rounded at his waist and he had rounded shoulders. It almost seemed that the softer parts of his body had outgrown the bones that they surrounded. Even his hands were rounded, making his fingers look like thick stubs.
	He also looked like he had outgrown his clothes. His garments had once been elegant, in fact, all of the men were wearing elegant yet ill-fitting clothes. They were certainly not appropriately dressed for desert travel, but each had thick stubble that hinted at many days in the desert.
	The big man stepped past him and smacked at the rump of the listless horse. "An Ixis horse."
	Hushah could see that the man was brushing dust off the animal's brand, and he cursed himself for allowing the man to approach so close. "Ah, yes. It wandered here, by itself—"
	"Where is here?"
	"Here? Oh, I... Nowhere, we are far way from anywhere." Hushah could tell that he did not sound too convincing.
	"Good, you must be from Summerdale, right? The first oasis along the Erebic Trade Route. Is that right?"
	"Yes, I suppose."
	"Take us." The request was neither courteous nor negotiable; the stranger was already pulling at the horse's halter.
	"But I'm not going that way. I'm—"
	The man stepped backward and grabbed Hushah's tunic. "In case you haven't noticed, there is a storm coming in, and if we don't reach Summerdale soon we are likely to get buried by it. Where else could you possibly need to go?"
	Hushah pulled away. "My daughter—" again he stopped himself, he needed to think.
	The man smiled, and the grip on his tunic relaxed, "Oh, you lost your daughter. Let me guess. She was on the horse, and when you turned around she was gone."
	Hushah nodded and made a grab at the horse's halter. "I have to go." 
	"This animal doesn't have much left in it. If you were on your way to Summerdale when you lost her, maybe she found her way there on her own. How old is the girl? How long ago did you lose her?"
	"She is young, and it was mid-day when she—"
	"Then we have to leave her for a while. You won't find her during this storm. Besides, we have to find out where the hell we are before we can possibly find anyone else."
	The man with the wagon had pulled the mule up beside them. "Who is this, Lucius?"
	"He is a trader, like us."
	The other man exposed black teeth. "Like who?"
	"No, Gnaeus, you aren't listening. I said he is a trader, like we are traders, understand? He is looking for his daughter. He has lost her."
	"Oh, that's a terrible shame. Does he know anything about that god-damned oasis?"
	Both of the men were now staring at him, but he was not sure what he ought to say or do. Their wagon was chaotically piled, not loaded, and it contained items that he had never seen traders carrying before, including gold goblets and cutlery. 
	Yet, it was the weapons, forming a pile of their own, that continued to draw his attention. There were far more weapons than a few traders could possibly need, even if they were out to do mischief. Weapons were not part of village life, and it was these weapons which Hushah tried unsuccessfully to ignore as he started to question the men, "Weap—ah, what kind of traders are you? What do you trade? How many are there of you?"
	The large stranger looked back over his shoulder and nodded. "Oh, the weapons. They are part of a special shipment we purchased a while ago."
	The black-toothed man found this amusing. "Yeah, and they were horrible expensive, weren't they, Lucius?"
	Lucius' face swung around and seemed to shock the smaller man into silence. "Shut your mouth, Gnaeus!"
	A third stranger halted several paces away, as if Lucius' shout had also reached him, but he looked no less intimidating than Lucius. Hushah was becoming increasingly uncomfortable about these individuals. They did not seem to treat each other as friends, and they were mean-spirited.
	Hushah was torn by indecision. Should he try to lead these men away from the village, and from where ever Neariah might be? Should he ask them to help him search for her? He needed to go back to Summerdale to get a camel, but he did not want to break off his search, leaving Neariah to wander further away. He did not know what to do, but he did know that these men had weapons, and that there were at least three of them, and that the largest one now had a firm control of his horse.
	He was worse than a bad father, he was a weak man, and it seemed that he was going to bring even more harm into Summerdale. He suddenly understood why he felt so angry all the time; he was disgusted with himself.

~~~~~

	The wind was pushing at their backs as Hushah followed the strangers into the village, but Hushah was no less shocked than they were. He had not expected everyone in the village to have left in search of Neariah, and he felt humbled for having been so angry with everyone. They were his own people, after all, no matter what harm he might bring upon them. They cared about his family as much as he did, but surely they had not allowed their own children to join the search as well?
	"Is this all there is?" Gnaeus had picked a spear out of the wagon and was bouncing it in his palm as he walked. "Must've left in a hurry, huh? They probably ran away when they saw us coming, huh, Lucius?"
	Apart from the wind-wrenched noises of creaking wood and the occasional snap of doors banging shut, the village was silent. Lucius grunted, possibly in agreement, but he continued to look around as if he expected someone to jump out and surprise them. Hushah was tempted to tell them there was nothing to worry about, but he too remained silent.
	"An empty village. You're so clever, Lucey. You could sell snow in Hell." Gnaeus stroked his spear and sighed.
	"How many times do I have to tell you to shut your—" Lucius stopped speaking suddenly. He was staring at the paint around the door of Decimus' house as if he found Jaalam's artwork distasteful. He spelled out the large gold letters. "B, A, N, K. Is that thing a bank? These people have a bank in an oasis?" He glanced back at Hushah, suddenly smiling. "That must be a joke, right?"
	"Oh, look. There are guest huts, over there." Hushah tried to redirect them away from Decimus' house, walking sideways so that he would not have to turn his back on them.
	"How would you know that those are guest huts if you don't live here?" Lucius smiled and continued walking toward Decimus' house.
	Hushah shouted after him, "I just don't think that they will like you going in there when they are not around."
	Lucius ignored him. "Gnaeus, put our stuff inside this bank. Servius, tie up the mule and put a sack over its head."
	Hushah resigned himself to letting the men do as they pleased until Decimus and the others returned. He felt confident that when they did return, these "traders" would soon find some manners. Decimus did not even let his own villagers go into his home uninvited.
	He moved closer to the strangers' wagon, and pretended to tie Spurius' horse to it. As he did so, he watched the third man, Servius, uncover even more weapons. Some of these weapons were coated with dried blood.
	Hushah backed away as Servius stepped toward him. It was the first time that he had seen the man's face, and its many scars. "Keep out of the way." Servius' squint left no room for doubt that failure to obey was not recommended. So, Hushah kept out of the way while Servius returned to the wagon to pull up a handful of weapons, along with several other dubious possessions, and carry them into the storehouse.
	"Hushah? Did you see Neariah?"
	Hushah turned to see Berea emerging from his own home, followed by a line of excited children. 
	"No, no." He motioned them all to back away, but Berea just kept marching toward the strangers as if she intended to physically restrain them herself.
	Several crashing sounds came from inside the storehouse, and Berea pushed a finger into his chest. "Who are these people?" she demanded.
	"Please, Berea." Hushah tried to restrain her before she reached the storehouse's steps, but she was worth his own weight plus that of a horse.
	Yet, instead of climbing the steps, she stepped backward and bounced heavily onto his chest like a mountain of sourdough. The beginnings of her slow collapse came as a complete surprise to Hushah, and he struggled helplessly as her large body overwhelmed him.
	It was Lucius who pulled her off him and carried her into the Sabbath-house. When he returned he was laughing. "Ah, my man Servius is sorry. I'm sure he didn't mean to hit your wife, but she must have surprised him. It's a nervous reaction he has, that's all. It's nothing to get upset about. I'm sure he will apologize directly to your good lady when she comes around. Anyhow, we don't have time to be polite at the moment, especially if we are going to help you find your missing kid."
	"No, it's fine. I don't need your help—"
	"Sure you do."
	"What? Sure they do?" Gnaeus stepped out onto the storehouse steps. "We aren't going to go back out there again, are we Lucius? We only just got—"
	Lucius' large hand wrapped around Gnaeus' jaw and pushed the small man back up the steps, and Servius reached out from within the storehouse to grab Gnaeus by the neck and pull him back inside. Gnaes was thus lifted bodily, and the sounds that followed could have been those of a fist hitting flesh.
	Lucius did not look around as these sounds continued, instead he continued to speak as if he had not even been interrupted. "Don't worry about the mess. I will make that sure your little hut gets tidied up, and we will pay for all the takings. You don't mind, do you?"
	Hushah frowned. "What takings?"
	"You should get those children somewhere safe."
	Hushah looked behind him to see Merab and the other children standing close together. He quickly herded them into the Sabbath-house, into which the wind was now blowing showers of sand. He instructed them to tie down the window thatches, to light lanterns, to distribute reading books and to sweep the floor. Anything to keep everyone busy.
	Merab was the least cooperative. He seemed to be deeply wounded when told to sweep, and then refused to take part in any other activity. Instead, he threatened to run out and join the adventure, as he had taken to calling it. Hushah was not inclined to explain how serious his sister's predicament really was, so he let Merab sulk. Merab obligingly remained standing in his corner with his back to everyone, kicking at walls and stamping on floorboards.
	The unconscious Berea suddenly sat up and rubbed her chin. She nodded slowly as Hushah tried to explain what had just happened to her, then she waved him away with instructions to go and keep an eye on the strangers. As he ran out, he could see a row of little eyes, framed by fingers, poking out through the Sabbath-house's window thatches.
	He wondered how long Berea would be able to keep those little fingers busy before their owners again became unmanageable. He was also worried about leaving them in the village, alone with the strangers, but he had no choice. He had to attend to greater worries. 
	As he again leaned into the wind, the promised rain started to fall upon him, building quickly into a roar that pounded on his scalp, while turning the sand into tiny jerking craters. The desert now lifted an infinite number of miniature maws, each seething in agony. Drenched, he reeled in air that seemed to be too thin to breathe. The rain landed in such heavy waves that he felt as if his back was being beaten with a plank.
	Then the rain became sharply solid; a dreadful hiss, pellets drilling into the frenzied sand. He had never seen solid water before, but he had heard about it from the traders. Also, he had never seen puddles forming in sand.
	He pulled up an empty box that was floating in one of the puddles, and as he held it over his head the solid rain began to shake it as if he was deflecting shovel-loads of gravel.
	His hands were already numb, so he would not be able to hold the box up much longer. The stinging pellets were now coming at him from all directions, so the box offered little protection anyway, and he gave up the struggle to prevent the wind from ripping it out of his grasp.
	For a moment the rain abated, and a chill descended upon the village. He shivered as he began to pray, awkwardly at first; he was guilty of giving lip-service during Decimus' weekly Sabbath-house gatherings, but now he so desperately needed to be heard, he needed to make amends for whatever he had done to bring this punishment upon everyone.
	It was he who should be punished, not the villagers, and especially not Neariah; surely God could see that? He begged God to let him find his lost child and bring her home. He could not believe that God would let his child be taken away like this. She done nothing to harm anyone; she was as innocent as anyone could be; it was not fair that God should cause such harm, so indiscriminately.
	Decimus was before him, crawling and cowering as if he was suffering great agony. "God has damned us because of your daughter, Hushah. God has damned us because He did not want us to go out there, searching for that insane man—"
	"Decimus, what are you saying? Did you see Neariah?"
	"Oh, Hushah, I can hardly see. Am I going blind? I think my bones are broken. You have to help me!"
	"You are fine, this is rain, it won't kill you. The storehouse is directly ahead of you." Hushah picked him up and pushed.
	"Oh, thank you, thank you, thank you." Decimus began to stagger away, picking up speed as he went, and Hushah shook his head. At least there would now be another villager to help protect the children, assuming that Decimus could overcome his present distress and actually think of anyone but himself.
	He passed several other villagers on his way out into the desert, but none of them seemed to be able to give him any useful information about Neariah. Some of them even tried to persuade him to return with them, but instead he pulled away, charging further out into the fists of the gale. He was going to find his daughter if he died trying, and dying was probably exactly what he deserved.

~~~~~

	Merab had never seen his father in such an unfriendly mood, and he most certainly did not appreciate being treated so harshly in front of all the other children. The excitement that the strangers were causing had lost much of its appeal since he had been so unfairly victimized, and it was not until he realized that his father had really left the Sabbath-house that he felt ready to stop sulking.
	"I can count twenty people and fourteen chickens." John's claims were far greater than those of the other children, but there was no way to tell whether John was telling the truth; John was a well-known lier.
	Merab pushed his fingers through the window thatch to gain his own vantage point. There were a lot of grown-ups running around outside. Some were trying to nail boards onto the pigpen, while others were making futile attempts to rescue possessions stolen by the wind.
	Several people, including the three new traders, were struggling to tie down the trader's wagon, while another group was holding on to the remains of the chicken coop. The whole coop had rolled over, onto its side, and it was hurling chickens out into the gloom before they had time to screech in surprise.
	"Chicken Fifteen!" John shouted. "Did you see that one? It was bouncing like a ball!"
	It was a challenge to tell who was who, out there among the confusion. Many must remain missing, names were still being called, but since nobody came near the Sabbath-house there was a shortage of news. They were so close to the adventure, yet they were trapped in this prison. Teacher Berea's fat legs lay across the doorway, blocking all hope of escape.
	Ginnetho was standing outside, hugging his own shoulders. He was close enough to call out to. "Ginnetho, look up here. Ginnetho, where did my father go?"
	Merab had not expected a reply, but he did achieve a wave. Then Ginnetho curled up shoulder-to-shoulder with Jaalam, as if they were both trying to make themselves smaller. They looked like they were shouting at each other, then together they staggered into the Sabbath-house.
	Again Merab's questions were ignored as Ginnetho and Jaalam spoke with Teacher Berea. The Teacher's chair took up an entire corner of the Sabbath-house, opposite the doorway, so as they lifted her into it, the three grown-ups all had their backs to Merab's escape route.
	This was his chance, but as he began to slide cautiously toward the door, the big trader burst in and pushed him backward. Decimus, Cabul, and several of the other children's parents followed, each piling into the back of the other.
	This made the Sabbath-house suddenly crowded, so he decided to postpone his escape for a few moments while he listened to what everyone might have to say. Besides, the big trader was obviously not someone who liked children, and his huge arm remained too close for comfort.
	"I think everyone is back, except Hushah, Moserah and Neariah!" All sign of Jaalam's usual shyness seemed to have vanished, even though fervent faces were surrounding him, all shouting at once. Merab had never seen Jaalam look people in the eye before, and there was no stuttering as he shouted.
	Visibility, out there in the darkness, seemed to be the issue that needed to be discussed at the greatest volume, and it was an issue that seemed likely to postpone the search for Neariah until daylight. At such time, they all concluded, the wind would die, but his sister would none-the-less remain alive.
	Merab had not considered the possibility that anyone would die in this adventure, so he was quite disatisfied with everyone's conclusions. They could not possibly leave his sister out there in that storm all night. He wondered what his sister would do if it was he who had become lost instead of her. It was a new kind of thought for him, but he knew the answer immediately.
	Certainly, she would not abandon him. Yet, he was not quite as ready to start shouting at so many serious looking adults as she would have been, had she been here. He had always known that he was not quite as brave as his sister, and now he knew why bravery was so important.
	Never before had he so definitely acknowledged that her strange temperament contained bravery, but then it was so difficult to imagine girls being brave. She would make such a good warrior, if she were not a girl. She also had the potential to be a great Warlord, were she a boy. Of course, there could be no other rank for her in an army because she would probably never learn how to obey orders.
	"Mr. Decimus, what else can we do?" It was the big trader, hugging Decimus' arm as if the two of them had become close friends. "We need to wait, and you should rest, Mr. Decimus, you have to save yourself for tomorrow."
	"Yes, yes." Decimus had draped himself over John's bench and was resting his forehead on John's desk. He was also gasping for breath and moaning, faintly.
	"My pigs could be gone forever." Cabul had been one of the first to return from the search, and Merab suspected that he would be one of the last to resume it.
	The big trader now had his hand on Cabul's arm and he was patting Cabul gently. "Oh, don't you worry, Mr. Cabul. We will buy you some more."
	This seemed to cheer Cabul up greatly, and he winked at Merab as if he was impressed by the big trader's ridiculous promise. Merab shook his head and busied himself elsewhere. Through the thatch he could see more parents running toward the Sabbath-house to comfort their children. These children were standing beside him looking quite useless, children who had only just begun to wail as if, with the arrival of their parents, they had just realized that bad things were happening.
	His mother was not among those running and he began to worry whether she too had gone missing. Could the desert be stealing away his entire family? Why were none of the other families doing anything?
	He looked back to see why the adults were so quiet. They were all watching him as if they had just been talking about him. He shook away the feelings that he knew his face was betraying, and pushed his gaze back through the thatch. He did not want to show them his fear—unlike the other children. So, he stared out into the gloom, determined to ignore the commotion that was going on behind him.
	A door seemed to lurch and fall to the ground, as if someone inside had shouldered into it. A breadbasket was then kicked out over this door to spill bread-rolls into the puddles. These rolls skated into the puddles until they were splattered to pieces, as if by an invisible club. His once familiar home had become a supernatural mad-house, and he was convinced that there were hysterical demons in it, wreaking vengence.
	The window flaps of everybody elses homes were also bursting open and jumping off their hinges. He could hear the contents of their homes rattling and banging, despite the incessant wailing of the wind. A washbowl jerked upward through the tattered roof of John's hut, and then careened into the arching treetops.
	The trees were bent over, grinding with pain. Beyond their tortured limbs, webs of intricate fibers almost flickered at the edge of existence, in air that flashed silver. He shook his head firmly. Was his own imagination getting the better of him?
	Again he stared up at the shattered sky, where the silver mist was cracking, reforming, splitting, and tearing at its own fibers. Brilliantly veined ghost-hands were ripping it, and crushing it, with sharp white claws. The fingers connected with giant skeletons of light, and elsewhere, even greater giants were steadily hammering on immense drums; summoning up a rolling explosion that was already causing the ground to shake in fearful anticipation.
	The whining wind reminded him of his sister's puppy—when the stupid thing had been busy dying. It was not a pleasant memory; he had even cried a little himself; of course, he would never admit that to any one. Besides, everyone had been too busy consoling Neariah to notice that he might also be upset. She had cried enough for both of them, and now she was probably out there in this evil storm, crying some more.
	"We are damned, we will all die!" Decimus was making a whining sound of his own.
	Merab continued to ignore him. Each lightning flash lit up the village, providing an opportunity to scan a scene that looked hard and unnatural. After each flash he was left blinking into an eye-numbing darkness, wondering whether he had really seen someone out there in the broken gloom.	
	"Look!" Merab waved frantically to attract everyone's attention, but the shadowless object that he was still staring toward had disappeared.
	"What is it, Merab?" Ginnetho stood behind him.
	A splintering quill of brilliance seemed to reach in through the window thatch, and he backed away. Either side of him, children jumped into the arms of silver-faced parents, then screamed as the flashing light made everyone look like flames flickering out. Then an almost constant sheet of frenzy suspended the tattered fabric of their world, forcing all who moved to jerk like frightened birds.
	"I thought I saw something, over there by the lantern!" Azoic's lantern was still burning, flickering feebly in its own swirling mist. It was leaning precariously in a pool of shallow water that was chopping at its base.
	"Yes, Merab, I see it. You tell me when it goes out."
	Merab felt Ginnettho's hand on his head. "No, Ginnetho, there was something out there." Then he realized that the puddle was Azoic's water-filled well and that the lantern was the same one that had been resting on what remained of the well's sand-ridge. That meant that the water beside the lantern could be quite deep, and his father could be in it.
	Ginnetho was pressing the thatch and saying, "We have to wait for a while, until the storm passes. Then we can go out and search some more. Don't worry, your sister is—"
	Merab did not wait to hear the rest of the sentence. He was already sliding past the big trader, charging out into the gale. As he leaped onto a soggy island of shivering sand, a roar opened up the sky above him, exploding the air and shaking his bones, causing him to slip into deeper water. He did not look up toward the sky to see what was might be chasing him; he was frightened enough already. Instead, he scooped forward, using each flash of light to plan his next step.
	Leaves and branches from the woods scuttled into him, as if they too were fleeing the unseen evil that surrounded them. The rain attacked like a swarm of bees, and he could not dodge the stings. He was sure that he was screaming, although he could not hear his own scream.
	He almost stepped on his father, who was lying face-down in the water. His father must have been out in the storm so long that he had used up all of his strength fighting it. This pool must have trapped him as he struggled home.
	It was only when Merab grabbed the outretched arm and felt its limp weight that he was seized by the realization that his father might have drowned. He pulled desperately, turning his father over bodily, but he kept slipping. Then he put his hands under his father's shoulders and pulled again, with all his strength, begging his father stand up.
	His father did not seem to be breathing, yet he was not ready to accept this. Despite the lack of movement, he continued to pull; but after each pull, his father merely slid back into the water without even opening his eyes.
	It was not until Ginnetho arrived that his father could be dragged out all the way. Only then did Merab see his father move, a weak acknowledgement to Ginnetho's shouting. Tears of relief warmed Merab's cheeks, and he wanted to laugh and cry at the same time. Instead, he forced himself to appear calm, he did not want his father to see how weak he had been.
	Eventually, they managed to get his father to stand up, and Ginnetho started to push them both against the wind, toward the Sabbath-house. He leaned his shoulder into his father's backside and shoved, causing his father to stumble. The glance he received from Ginnetho made him realize that he was not helping, and he suddenly felt foolish; and no match for Ginnetho as a rescuer. It was painful to think that without Ginnetho, Merab might not have managed to save his father.
	"Did you find Neariah?" Ginnetho was shouting into his father's ear, but he could not hear his father's reply. The door of the Sabbath-house was pressed shut behind them, but they continued to crawl as they caught their breath. Everyone had gathered around his father, who had fallen across Teacher Berea's desk with his knuckles covering his eyes. His father was trying to speak and cough at the same time. "...and I found the old man. He told me that Neariah was safe. He said he was going to go back to fetch her."
	"He left her out in the storm?"
	"He wouldn't take me to her! The old fool just muttered nonsense! He said she was safe—hiding—but he wouldn't show me where she was! I just hope for his sake that she is safe! If that crazy old—"
	The conversation became confused as others added their convictions. Merab could get no closer, he could only snatch the odd word, angry accusations among thunderous impacts that shook the dripping roof, and so he stood alone and unnoticed among the children who continued their idiot-wailing. Ginnetho was saying something about the traders and the storehouse, and Merab felt himself being pulled even further away from the conversation as Decimus stole his place.
	His father was coughing again. "...said it was not safe to bring Neariah back yet...I let go of him...pushed his fingers over my eyes...went dark...like moving with the wind, as if he was squeezing my mind with...I remember someone lifting me out of the water. Did somebody carry me back here? I suppose I must have passed out."
	"Yes, it was Merab who found you. If he hadn't pulled you out of the well, you would likely have drowned."
	The crowd parted, and his father was looking down at him. "Thank you, Merab." His father was swaying as he tried to lean closer, and his father's face looked oddly proud.
	Merab was suddenly aware of the admiration on the faces of the other adults around him too, but he found this sudden elevation in status strangely embarrassing. "Oh, it was nothing." He shrugged, and accepted his father's handshake with an awkward reluctance. However, it did occur to him that he might use this moment to complain about the way his father had been treating him recently; he was a warrior, not a child—but this time he had to use the moment for another concern. "Did you see Mother?"
	His father squinted, then looked around the room, as if he had only just realized that Moserah was not present. Then he grabbed Ginnetho. "Is Moserah out there as well?"
	"We don't know where she—"
	The door blew open and Spurius climbed through the doorway, holding Moserah in his arms. "I need some help here! Moserah twisted her ankle."
	Again, Merab was unable to get close enough to see what was going on as everyone crowded around his mother. He could tell from the pitch of his mother's voice that she was more angry than injured. Spurius unwrapped the wet bandages from around his head and began to wind them around his mother's ankle, despite her loud assurances that this was not necessary.
	"Azoic was carrying Moserah toward the oasis," Spurius was saying, "and when I took her off him, he just smiled and nodded, then walked away. I think he was trying to avoid coming into the village, because he isn't welcome here."
	Merab moved aside to make room for his father to speak with his mother. They both held each other's faces, and spoke too quietly for anyone else to hear. His father then dropped his hands and they stared at each other, as if their shared pain was about to turn into an argument.
	"So now we must wait!" Decimus sounded more like he was panicing than commanding. "But as soon as this damned storm is over, and Neariah is found, you will all make damned sure that the crazy man stays away from us, permanently! Also, Hushah, you had better make sure that the damned man's hole is filled in before it does any more damage!" 
	Merab realized that his father was ignoring Decimus. This left Decimus staring at his father's back as if his father was committing an unimaginable sin. Then Decimus shook his head and slumped back onto the bench seat, pushing his forehead into his arm as if he needed to deliberate in a deeper darkness about concerns that only he could understand.


A9: ALL CONCERNED

	Hushah had known that the night would be a long one, especially for his wife. Moserah had pressed him continually to resume the search, and so he had found himself adding to the general speculation about the old man, claiming that Azoic was probably protecting Neariah from the storm...somewhere....
	It did not help that Decimus utterly rejected any such assurance, and Moserah had eventually become so hostile that she had accused him of cowardice. He had retreated to join his son's surveillance through the window thatch, embarrassed by the continuing arguments. It seemed to him that little of what was being said behind his back was rational any more, and as he winked at his son he wondered how such an impetuous boy had managed to become the most composed person in the village.
	With the first light of dawn, the storm expired and a deathly silence gripped the desert. The sun now commanded a clear blue sky, yet the air remained cold and still, so cold that it stung when it passed into their bodies. For the children this was a terrifying experience. They tried valiantly to recapture their own vapors in fear of losing their souls, until a few words from one of the adults turned their anxieties into play. They were soon imitating fire-breathing monsters with much enthusiasm, despite being cold, tired and wet.
	The day's search started immediately; some began building a beacon fire, while others fanned out in different directions. Some distance away, Hushah could clearly see his wife holding on to Spurius as she limped. She had been in no mood to consider his suggestion that she remain in the village.
	The search parties were each supposed to follow routes that would keep them within sight of each other, crossing paths several times per day. They were to walk in groups, each carrying a sack of water and plenty of dried chips of kangaroo meat from the storehouse. Merab and Hushah had formed a search party of their own, in which Merab chose to carry a broken tree branch. He was stabbing his own shadow with it.
	Despite his fears, Hushah repeatedly smiled at Merab's pretentious antics. The sand was a rigid crust that formed angular shapes, resembling stone plateaus. So, with each stab of his crooked staff, the small prince was carving a valley of craters. Hushah could only hope that the staff would keep Merab in good spirits, this search might go on for many days. He could not stop himself from wondering what they would do if Neariah was never found. He knew that everyone would blame him, and in truth, he would also blame himself.
	Hushah suddenly realized that Merab had finally subdued his own shadow, and he was standing still. "What is it, Merab? Can you see Neariah?" He looked into the distance; where, void of the usual heat shimmers, the clear air made an alien ground feel threatening. 
	"No, I think it's a chicken."
	Hushah pushed himself to sound pleased, "Oh, good."
	"Don't worry, Father. She is alive."
	"What? Yes, of course she is." He looked away from his courageous son, and shook his head. All of his hopes now rested upon the capability of that old, crazy stranger. Moserah had said enough during the previous night to make him, and everyone else, realize what a pathetic father he was. Only his son seemed to have any faith left in him.
	Merab started running toward the chicken as if he had all the energy in the world. Hushah was tempted to hold the boy back and tell him to save his strength, but Merab's strength would probably outlast his father's. His son was already some way ahead before he could persuade his own weary eyes to properly examine the target of his son's quest.
	There seemed to be no end to the wreckage that had been plucked out of Summerville. Pieces of their broken lives lay strewn about, half-submerged  like the flotsam in one of Jaalam's sea-paintings. Hushah stared at the possible-chicken and wondered whether it would still be alive. It was not logical, but if the chicken was still alive, perhaps his daughter....
	He was already losing hope, despite his son's shouts of encouragement. "Yes, Merab. I'm coming." He picked up his pace, still squinting at the probable-chicken, albeit with increasing suspicion. Then he too began to run. "Is that a person, Merab? Is it Azoic?"
	"Yes, and Neariah!"
	"Are you certain?" Hushah could see that other villagers were also changing direction. He could hear Moserah and Spurius shouting, and he could now see that it was indeed Neariah, lying motionless in the crazy man's arms.
	"She's dead!" Merab had reached the crazy man, and he was trying to pull his sister away while shouting, "Murderer!"
	Hushah ran as fast as he was able and dived between the crazy man and Neariah, by slamming his shoulder against the crazy man's chest. He ripped his child into his arms, and it was only then that her little body stiffened. His heart, flooded with fear, sank down into his stomach as if he was about to be sick.
	"Possum, are you hurt?"
	"Aw, Daddy, I'm fine," she chided him as her little body relaxed again. "I was just sleeping. Did you know that Azoic can make you fall sleep just by waggling a finger at you?"
	Hushah inspected her, feeling for breakages in her arms and legs, still unable to believe that she was unharmed. "You have no idea how worried we were, Possum. Where were you?"
	She began crying, and he patted her hair to let her know that she was safe now. The crazy man was moving away, and he began humming faintly as Hushah stared at him. "Where was she? Where did you take her? Why did you keep her out in the storm? Why didn't you bring her home sooner?"
	"I was, hmmm, I'm sorry. I didn't know—"
	"What Azoic means, Daddy," said Neariah, "is that we had to hide inside a huge rock because Nature was too angry to let us go home. Nature was not angry with anyone in Summerdale though, although I could quite understand if Nature was. No, Nature was angry with the little gods."
	"The what?"
	"Oh, you see, Azoic was telling me secret stories. The little gods were fighting about who was going to be in charge of the world, and they were spitting lightning at each other, which was hurting Nature. It was quite frightening at times, you know. We had quite a huge adventure."
	Hushah looked again at the crazy man, "What nonsense have you been saying to her? We thought she was dead! Why didn't you bring her home?" The crazy man wheezed helplessly and looked down, and Hushah instantly regretted shouting. "Look, I'm sorry. You did well to find her, but—"
	"Neariah!" Moserah limped up to them with tears of relief streaming down her face, and wrapped her arms around Neariah's head. "Where were you, baby?"
	"Watching the storm," came the muffled response.
	Moserah glanced at Hushah, and then frowned at their child. "Don't you know how dangerous it is to walk out into the desert? Don't you know that you should never, ever, ever walk out into the desert? What were you thinking?"
	Neariah began crying again. "I didn't mean any harm."
	The crazy man began to mumble. "Ah, I...mmmm...sorry, I ah...I, ah.... Humph."
	Spurius pushed himself into the conversation by grabbing the crazy man's tunic and panted into his face. "What were you doing, you crazy old fool!" Spurius' scalp bulged with angry blue veins. Hushah released Neariah into Moserah's arms and readied himself to restrain his brother.
	Azoic was trying to retreat from Spurius' grip. "We, ah, I...the wind...I was...telling stories...." 
	"In a storm? Are you completely—"
	"Spurius, let him be." Hushah was surprised at the stern tone in his own voice, and even more surprised that his brother immediately did as he was asked. "We all need to relax for a while. We have Neariah back again, which is all that matters for the moment. We should get back to the village and get some warm food inside us, and then decide what to do about...other things." He pulled the confused Spurius away with a stiff smile, but he had to physically turn his brother away from Azoic before anyone would start walking back toward Summerdale.
	They walked close together as they watched the smoke from the beacon fire rising out of their distant oasis. Hushah looked back and waved to Azoic to follow, but the sad-looking man just stood motionless in the distance. Hushah waved at him several times until the man slowly began shuffling along behind them with obvious reluctance. He looked even more ashamed of himself than usual.
	Hushah shook his head; it should not be this way. Azoic did not deserve to feel such shame, he deserved to be thanked for rescuing Neariah. So, despite Decimus, despite Moserah and despite the other villagers, he was going make things right. He was going to find a way to give Azoic a home.

~~~~~

	All of the grown-ups were marveling at the beacon fire, but Neariah did not finding it so inspiring. The flames seemed determined to bake her sensitive skin; they were snapping and grunting and she was being forced to dodge about as they spat at her. Yet, her mother insisted that she stand still and be polite as everyone around her said everything that could possibly be said about how lucky she was. How many more hugs, pokes and prods could a person endure? 
	She rested the latest bowl of vegetable broth on the ground and sighed deeply as she fanned her raw cheeks with sweaty hands. She was no longer even the slightest bit hungry. In fact, it almost hurt to swallow. Yet, here again, there was no mercy. She knew that no matter how far she stretched out her stomach to show how full she was, there would always be another bowl of soup waiting for her. She was sure that she would be sick if she didn't get her freedom back soon.
	Such were the sacrifices of sudden popularity. She could remember a time when all she had ever wanted was popularity, a time when nobody had ever taken any notice of her. She could never have imagined that popularity could be so unpleasant. Perhaps Azoic was better off being unpopular. 
	Azoic had spent some moments staring down into the fire's pit, perhaps because the fire had been built within the remains of his well. His dreams would thus have seemed buried.
	Eventually, her father had pushed a razor and piece of shaving soap into Azoic's hands. It had been a curious gift, and she had watched her father with some suspicion as he pushed Azoic away, toward the lake. Her father rarely looked so anxious, and she began to anticipate what he might do next as she watched him pacing around the burned-out well. He was rubbing his forehead as if he were making plans, and she felt sure that such plans involved Azoic.
	On their way back to the oasis, she had repeatedly asked her father where Azoic was going to live from now on, and he had repeatedly whispered, "Wait and see". So, she was now waiting to see, as patiently as she was able.
	"Come and have some soup, Hushah." Decimus was directing the distribution of soup, quite unnecessarily. "Is it not ironic that the well should be turned into a fire-pit? Of course, the storm was probably God's way of reminding us that I was right. God acts in mysterious ways."
	"No, I don't think so."
	"What was that?"
	"I said that I don't think God was telling us that."
	Decimus leaned back on his heals. "What? Is there something wrong with you?"
	Everyone was looking at her father now, and he was frowning at the fire as if he did not want to look back at them.
	He said, "It would have been useful."
	"What?"
	"The well, it would have been useful."
	"Now Hushah, we have already put this matter to rest. We all know that the ridiculous thing was a dangerous nuisance."
	The grown-ups had all become very quiet, and their silence seemed to pull at Neariah as if she was being invited to tell Decimus what an idiot he was. Her father would probably do a much better job of it, so she bit her lip to hold back her words. It was never a good idea to speak when grown-ups were fighting, but even so, she had words that needed to come out and she was not sure how long she could restrain them.
	Decimus began to look around and chuckle, as if inviting others to laugh at her father. She blew at her hair as loudly as she could, in the hope that Decimus might look in her direction, but he did not. He was probably unwilling to pick on someone his own size.
	"Don't be an idiot, Decimus." Her uncle had stolen the words from out of her mouth, and her uncle had also stepped up beside her father. The burned face made him look even more frustrated with Decimus than usual. "There could be spring-water under that fire, and not so far down, either. We had puddles all around this area while it was raining, so perhaps there is an underground stream feeding the lake, right Hushah? A well here could be invaluable. Every dry season forces us to dig through dried mud, and maybe one day the rains will not come soon enough. The well is an excellent insurance—"
	"We have a more important concern." Decimus pulled the soup spoon out of the cauldron and began waving it at everyone, as if soup-eating was the more important concern. "These are idle discussions about unlikely events. Our village must be repaired. Our homes, and our trade business, are much higher priorities than any—"
	"And in our spare time, we will finish building Azoic's well," Spurius concluded.
	Decimus squinted. "Who is ‘we'?"
	"Me." Neariah clapped her hands together, voting herself in, but Decimus ignored the interruption.
	Decimus' spoon was pointing like a sword. "You have to go back to Erebus to demand compensation for our loss of trade assets. Surely you are not suggesting that a well is more important than our livelihoods?"
	"Of course not, Decimus. Building the well will take only a short while. The water table is still high, which will make the digging easier. The wet-packed sand will help to keep the dig narrow, and the colder temperatures will slow the cement setting as we build the wall. I have never known the desert to be so favorably inclined toward well-building, as if God intended a well to be built, but the desert will not stay cool much longer. I don't suppose you would like to help us with the building work, would you, Decimus?"
	Decimus sniffed, red-faced. "Go ahead. Dig yourself a hole, if that is what you feel you have to do. However, I am warning you, all you will discover under the sand is more sand. Let us all hope that you will soon become sufficiently embarrassed by your misguided deeds.
	"What is more, let us all hope that you eventually come to your senses before the damned thing swallows you alive. Of course, I should point out that Azoic will be leaving for Everdale tomorrow, so you should not count on his pathetic contribution to your senseless project."
	Her uncle turned to stare at her father, as if to silently ask a question that her father seemed unable to answer. Then her father shrugged and said, "I suppose Decimus must have persuaded Lucius to take Azoic to Everdale."
	The bowl of soup flew into the fire as Neariah kicked it out of her way. "You can't make him leave now, not after all we went through to get him back!"
	"Be quiet, Neariah." Decimus flicked his spoon at her as one might swat a fly, but as he did so he was smiling at those around him. "Yes, that is quite correct, ladies and gentlemen. Lucius has generously offered to escort Azoic to Everdale, and, to show our appreciation, I have agreed to give Lucius a few supplies—" everyone looked shocked "—supplies which we would not be in any position to give to him if he had not rescued said supplies from the storm. Had it not been for his extraordinary efforts to protect the store, we would not even be eating this soup."
	The spoon was now being presented as evidence of their debt to Lucius. "We were lucky that such a heroic man came to Summerdale when he did. Would you like some more of this delicious soup, Lucius? Yes, ah, you do have a hearty appetite, don't you? How wonderful. We owe you and your men our gratitude, so if there is anything we can do to help you as you repair your wagon, please feel free to ask any one of us. Oh, except Spurius of course, since he will be busy with his well.
	"Aside from him, Ginnetho can help you splice and rim your wheels, Jaalam paints, and Cabul can look after your mule. We are all ready to help, because we realize how important it is to ensure that Azoic moves on as quickly as possible." Decimus glanced at Neariah for the first time, but looked away quickly. "And Lucius, you do understand the urgency of our requirement, don't you, Lucius?"
	"Oh, yes, Mr. Decimus, I do indeed. We can't have a crazy man running around setting fires in every town he comes across, can we? We will look after him until we reach the appropriate authorities."
	Neariah almost screamed with frustration. "He did not start any fires!" She had not liked these traders from the moment she saw them, but now she hated them as much as she hated Decimus. "Why are you all acting so blind? How do you know that it wasn't these ugly traders that started the fires?"
	There was a moment of silence, and then a sudden chorus of loud laughter. She moved to stand beside her father and her uncle, the only grown-ups who were not laughing at her. Her own mother, who was passing out soup, was also smiling.
	"Neariah, go and take some soup to Azoic." Her mother's hands were on her hips, indicating that it was unwise to argue.
	"But Mommy, we can't—"
	"I said, go and take some soup to Azoic!"
	She looked around at her father. "But—"
	"Go along, Possum. I'll come and...." He did not finish his sentence. He was looking over her head, toward her mother, and he was shaking his head.
	Neariah made slow and noisy work of picking up a bowl, then waited for Decimus to fill it with more of their horrible soup. As she started on her way, she could feel the smiles of every villager in the village, like needles in her back. She knew that this was not the time to argue, but she turned for one last protest anyway. Her mother was leading her father away by the elbow, and both of them were too preoccupied by their own discussion to notice that she wanted to speak.
	She bit her lip and sighed. It seemed that Decimus was winning again, but she was not yet defeated. She understood what her father and uncle had tried to do for Azoic, and she was proud of them for confronting Decimus. Even so, it was the rest of the village that needed to be confronted, not Decimus. If she could only prove to everyone that the well was a good idea, then she might also be able to prove that Azoic was a good person.
	So, if Azoic had almost finished his well in one night, then surely with a bit of help, Azoic could complete the well before the traders could steal Azoic away. It would take the traders a while to repair their wagon; all was not lost. Just as Azoic had told her while he was carrying her home, "With faith we are never lost."
	However, there were a few things that Azoic needed to learn before anyone would accept that the well was a good idea. She was going to have to teach Azoic to change his behavior—but not too much—she did not want him to become so popular that everyone would have to hug and prod and poke him, that would be unkind. She just wanted him to become popular enough that he could live happily ever after. 
	"With faith we are never lost? What are you talking about? You sound like Azoic?"
	Her brother had been watching her from behind a tree. Confronting him, she asked, "Were you spying on me?"
	"I don't think you should play with the crazy man anymore. You can see what trouble he causes around here, and you should have heard what Mother and Father were saying about him when you were gone!"
	"Oh, and what did Mommy and Daddy say?"
	"I don't remember!" Merab turned away and sniffed.
	"But he saved my life! Why doesn't anyone like him?"
	"How should I know what grown-ups think?"
	"It was quite a big adventure, you know."
	"Oh yeah? Sounds boring, just sitting in a rain storm-hurrh!" His last word had been designed to maximize the size of the steam cloud that his breath poured onto her face.
	She blew away the hair on her forehead and scowled at him. "But it really was an adventure! We could have died out there! We had to think about stories all night so that we wouldn't get frightened. He tells such funny stories!"
	"Yeah? Like what?"
	"About different worlds where plants are blue and creatures run around worshipping silly gods by saying." She scrunched up her face and flapped her free arm, "blub-a-lub-a-lub-a-lub!"
	Merab laughed as he imitated her. "What else did he say?"
	"Lots! I could tell you more, but only if you would be so kind as to hold the branches out of my way."
	She knew that Merab would only cooperated for as long as she kept telling stories, but she felt slightly guilty about telling him about secret worlds that nobody except she and Azoic aught to know about.
	She was also becoming increasingly aware that they were walking through absolute silence, the absence of all normal signs of life—not just the absence of rustling leaves, but also the absence of any buzzing insects or chirping birds. No whispers of wind were stirring the rancid air, and the steam from the soup stole straight upward, as if to escape the overpowering presence of rotten swamp-water.
	She had once known every corner of these woods, but her playgrounds were no longer the same. She had been prepared to see many damaged trees, like those in the village, but to have so many of her memories ripped out by the roots left her feeling disassociated from all she saw. She felt like a visitor in one of Azoic's strange worlds.
	The trees stood naked, stripped of leaves and polished to a glassy smoothness that glistened wherever the sunlight reached them. In deeper shadows, limbs remained varnished with a snaky-feeling substance that slipped into water if she placed a hot hand upon them.
	Her brother did not seem to find these changes so unsettling. He was clawing at a tree's snakeskin, dissecting his victim and causing sharp popping sounds that echoed out into the stillness. His shiny trophy slipped through his fingers and chiseled into a stiff fern, tearing up a crystal-shower that bounced across the unyielding leaf-litter. She could not help but wonder whether Nature felt any pain, or whether it was just numb like her feet.
	"Hey, did you see that one? This is fantastic!" He was yelling through his own echoes. Merab obviously had no respect for the suffering around him.
	She whispered, "Azoic says that you should not interfere with Nature." She quite expected Merab to ignore her advice, which he did. 
	"Who cares what Azoic says, he also says blub-a-lub-a-lub." He snapped another branch, managing to scatter countless white splinters over her head. The splinters turned into watery droplets as they stabbed her, and he laughed when she spilled some of the soup.
	"Will you please stop that, 'Raby. It is already difficult enough to walk on this snakey stuff. Why do you have to be so mean all the time?"
	"Oh, it's only ice, it can't really hurt you. Uncle Spike says that there is lots of this stuff in the mountains, and he says it grows there all the time, instead of trees. When the crazy man goes to the mountains to live, he will probably have to build his house out of this stuff."
	"I wish you were a nice brother. You never say anything nice."
	"I don't?" He stopped and stared at her as if he had never before given the issue any thought.
	"No, you don't. You are always mean."
	"These woods really smell bad, like they are dead."
	"You are just trying to change the subject, 'Raby."
	"What subject?"
	"Don't you like me, Merab?"
	"What? Oh, that again. Look, I don't know. Why do you ask such stupid questions?"
	"I just want to know, that's all."
	"If I didn't like you, why would I go searching for you?"
	"Were you worried about me?"
	"No." He looked at her again, and made a face as if he was going to be sick, then he shrugged. "I don't know."
	Neariah stopped. "Thank you for being so worried, 'Raby."
	He was now staring at her, as if he was shocked that she would thank him for anything. They were sharing a rare moment of friendship, but it obviously made Merab uncomfortable because he hunched his back toward her and started talking to the ground. "So, it was not important. I knew that you would come home eventually."
	"Were you worried about Azoic, too?"
	"No, he didn't seem to get blown around like everyone else. He kept running in and out of the village like he was made of wind himself. He is really strong for an old man. He was running, and holding pigs and chickens, and the wind was....
	"Anyway, nobody believed me when I told them, but when daylight came, they found all kinds of stuff tied down in one of the guest huts, but Decimus thanked Lucius for having rescued it all." He turned to face her. "If I hadn't seen the crazy man running around like a bandicoot, I wouldn't have believed it either."
	"Yes, he told me he was worried about the pigs. He said he could hear them inside his head, squealing with fear, and he was going to find them."
	"That's incredible, especially when the old fool can't even find himself, usually—"
	"There you go again, being mean."
	"If he was running around looking for pigs, you must have been out in the storm on your own."
	"Yes. He had to leave me." She smiled at the surprised look on Merab's face. "Actually, I don't remember that part very well. It seemed to happen too quickly for it to be frightening. Azoic sees things that are too far away to see, so I knew he was keeping an eye on me, where ever he was."
	"Oh, good grief. You are as crazy as he is." Merab leaped up and landed squarely on a mirror-surfaced puddle. It screeched as a crack spread across it, splitting it apart to reveal a crunchy mosaic of leaves. "Uncle Spurius says that ice is just water, in a different form, like when you boil it and you get steam. He says that everything changes form if you change the world around it. If you warm up a tree it would become fire, and if you warm up metal it becomes soup that you can't drink."
	"You don't believe me, about Azoic being magical, do you?"
	"Is this an interrogation?"
	"No, I just want you to understand what he is. He got tangled up in a piece of lightning, although he called it energy, or something like that. Anyway, he said that the energy was what taught him to see with his eyes closed." She could tell that Merab was trying to look interested in other things. He was examining reflections captured in a large, black shard of ice.
	"Yeah, the crazy man looks like he gets struck by lightning all the time. I never saw sheet-lightning before, nor ice, even in the worst rainy season. Do you think that Azoic did all this, with his, ah, magic?"
	"Azoic would never hurt Nature."
	He had permitted her to overtake him, so he was now behind her when he said, "And there he is!"
	Azoic was standing on a huge white expanse of ground that had once been their lake. He was as motionless as the trees, as if he was lost in one of his daydreams again. "Yes, just as I expected, he looks like he has died again." Merab crunched past her, waving his arms to keep his balance, and in doing so he pushed her over. The bowl slipped from her hands and cracked into the ground's glossy coating.
	"Merab, look what you did." She watched him sliding out onto the slippery lake, with no intention of apologizing. Like everyone else, Merab was always angry with Azoic, so she decided to leave the soup where it was and hurry after him. There was still a slim hope that she might be able to distract Merab before he insulted poor Azoic.
	Merab began shouting, "Why did you leave my sister out in the desert, old man?"
	She pushed her way through the brittle undergrowth that rimmed the edge of the lake like a wall of spears. The huge expanse of diseased grayness creaked as she jumped onto it.
	Merab shouted again, "You don't deserve to be alive."
	She shuffled forward, grabbing at her brother's shoulder as she slid past him. Together they span around each other, and it was not until she was at last able to look away from her own feet that she noticed Merab's expression. He was again staring up at Azoic with his jaw hanging open. Above them: Azoic's face—a face that she was now seeing for the first time.
	It was a perfect face, so perfectly smooth and symmetrical that, without any expression, it did not look real. Except for a few strands of hair that still clung to his cheeks, there were no blemishes, as if his beard had afforded his skin complete protection from the sun. His eyes seemed larger, and less dark, although his eyebrows were still too bushy. He had thin lips and a square chin, and she realized that she had never before imagined that Azoic might have a chin. He was very handsome, and she had to blink to make sure that she was not imagining things. This man's face was beautiful.
	"See, I told you he's an angel," she heard herself whisper.
	"He must have pulled his hair out by the roots."
	She noticed the shaver and soap in his hand, where her father had put them. They did not look like they had been used. By his feet, long white strands were clinging to the gray surface, as if the ice was growing its own hair.
	"Azoic?" She needed to hear his voice, not just because he was so still, but also because his skin was so pale. He looked cold, and sick, like the trees. There was no mist around his nose, and she had to watch his chest to reassure herself that he was still breathing, albeit slowly. Even the air he was exhaling was deathly cold. "Can you hear me, Azoic? Are you dying?"
	"Hmmm...?" His eyes moved to look down at her, and she shrank away from him. As he focused on her, the expression that filled his face was one of such overwhelming sadness that she began to feel the need to hug him instead of fleeing from him. He stroked his cheeks and then pulled a tuft of hair out of his eyebrow, bringing tears to his eyes.
	She cried out as if she too had felt the pain. "Azoic! Don't do that. Don't you know how to shave?"
	"Everything is shiny. Nature is not supposed to be shiny."
	Merab screwed up his nose. "He doesn't need to run off and find his mind again, does he?"
	Neariah pretended that her brother had not spoken. She smiled up at Azoic as kindly as she could to say, "You look much better without that beard. You look much...ah...younger." 
	"Nature needs warmth, for life. The storm was sent by dead gods. They are at war again."
	"Dead gods?" Merab puffed out an extra large sigh into the chilling space between her and Azoic. "What is all this talk about dead gods? There is only one God, not many gods. Do you know what I think?"
	Azoic's gray eyes squinted at the gray ice. "Nature does not approve of me. I am not natural."
	"Good guess." Merab was staring at Azoic with a look of disgust. "But actually I was going to say that God probably doesn't approve of you because you don't make sense, and you're useless and you always bring trouble."
	She could not let this go on any longer. "Azoic, you have to act normal. You can't keep saying weird things, especially about God. That is terribly bad, you know. Stop it. I want you to be normal, immediately!"
	"Energet chatter. I hear them, in my head, like flies—"
	"Azoic, stop it!" There were tears pouring down her cheeks, but she did not know why. "If you hear flies, you just have to ignore them."
	"Yeah, be a normal angel." Merab smirked.
	She stared fiercely at Merab, who closed his mouth as he noticed her angry tears. "Azoic, I want you to promise me that you will behave yourself, and that you will not talk about silly things anymore."
	"I do not belong here with—"
	"Yes, you do!" She tried to stamp on the slippery surface, but only succeeded in making a fool of herself as she tried to regain her balance. 	The lake seemed to be groaning in pain.
	"Summerdale is your home, and we are going to finish your well; you and me and Daddy and Uncle Spurius and Merab. We will show everyone that you are a good person because you can build a well, and then we will build you a house to live in. I'm sure that if you ask everyone nicely they will help, but you have to ask them with more...you have to be more familiar."
	"Who said anything about building a stupid well?" Merab was frowning.
	"'Raby, please, we need your help. Don't we, Azoic?"
	Merab was still staring at her wet cheeks. "You do?" His put his weight on one foot while his spare foot swung back and forth over the ice. "I suppose I could help a little, if it means so much to you."
	"Thank you, 'Raby." She lifted her arms to hug him, but he backed away as if she was attacking him.
	"Look, it's nothing, just stop crying, will you?"
	She nodded and wiped away the tears. Then she took a deep breath, skidded closer to Azoic and put her hands on his chest. "And you! Are you going to promise me that you will act normal in front of everyone, and that you will not be so depressed all the time, or not?"
	"I was called to mediate between the gods, like an angel, yes—" He was laughing.
	It was the first time she had ever seen him laugh, but it made his sad face look even sadder. "Here I am, alive yet dead. How can I choose between you, and the command of...." His face suddenly relaxed, all expression fading as he stared out over the lake, as if his mind was again being pulled away into his distant world of daydreams.
	She poked her fingers into his stomach. "I don't want you to do that anymore, either."
	"Hmmm?" He refocused upon her and his smile returned, filling his face with a kindness that made his eyes sparkle. "It would be an honor to serve you, Madam Warlady."
	Merab leaped into the air and landed with a deep thump. "Yeah! We could all be warlords. This is like a war against Decimus." Merab was rubbing his hands together. "Decimus and the smelly traders, versus the warlords of Summerdale!"
	Neariah shook her head. "No, this is not a game, Merab. This is serious, and we don't have much time. If we don't finish the well before the traders finish their wagon.... Horrible things might happen to Azoic. We don't want that, do we?"
	Merab appeared to be considering whether he should say something stupid to irritate her again, but she was surprised to hear him say, "Don't worry. God doesn't belong to Decimus."
	She smiled, looking at her brother with newfound respect as she hugged Azoic's hand. Then she whispered, but loud enough for her brother to hear, "Nobody just kicks an angel out of—" there was a loud grunt underneath them "—ah, I'm not sure I like this ice stuff. We should get off it."
	They started to slide toward the bushes, but as they did so, the noises grew louder. She could imagine something very large trying to push up through their gray platform, and despite her painfully numb feet she could feel the vibrations that such a monster would make.
	There were screeches behind her, and grunting sounds, and a splashing sound, and she looked back expecting to see something rising up to grab her, but instead she saw nothing.
	She slid to a stop. "Where is Azoic?"
	"He must have fallen through." Merab was pointing at a dark triangular area from which cracks were radiating. "Stay away, Neariah, it's not safe!"
	She was shuffling toward the dark triangle, over new cracks that were clawing around her feet. "Azoic?" The shudders started again as she began to splash through the thin layer of water around the ice-hole.
	The water inside the triangle was black, as if it went down forever, and she knew that she was not going to be able to see anything when she jumped into it. She could hear Merab calling to her, but she was no longer aware of what he was saying. She barely had time to fill her lungs, knowing that she would need all the air she could hold.
	Her feet slipped past the sharp edge of the triangle, and she gritted her teeth so that she would not scream out her precious air. She was diving into the darkness where monsters lived, and as coldness licked her body, swallowing her, all of her muscles tensed. Something was biting into her waist and she screamed bubbles. This was the end….
	Then she felt herself being lifted bodily out of the water. There were hands on her waist, and she was hanging in mid air, looking down upon Azoic's wet hair. He was standing up to his waist in the triangle of water, and smiling at her.
	"The cold is not for Nature's children."
	"You can stand in there? Why were you below the water? Were you swimming...in that?"
	"I was listening to energet chatter. It sings louder in the dark, where it is cold, away from Nature's singing."
	"You aren't making any sense. You promised—" Her whole body started to shiver violently.
	"Yes, I am sorry, Neariah." His jaw tightened and he closed his eyes. "I was swimming because the water was—ah—refreshing, to me."
	"That's better." She was lowered onto the ice-shelf where she immediately started to help Azoic climb out and slide toward the stiff bushes. Merab was still watching them with wide eyes. She glanced sideways at her brother, silently warning him not to say anything as she led the way, and as he let her lead the way.
	The air felt even colder now that she was wet, but the hard coating over the trees was beginning to rain drips upon them. "When we get back to the fire", she whispered, "do not tell anyone what happened. Just say that we got soaked by these dripping trees, right?"
	There was no response from behind her, and as she glanced back she could see that Merab was not frowning at her. Instead, he seemed preoccupied with the back of Azoic's head; so she could only hope that her brother was at last beginning to see the magic in her angel.


A10: HEAD FIRST

	It was a sleepless night. She was sitting on the edge of her bed, wrestling with worries that were greater than her understanding. The worry that consumed her the most was Azoic's new face. Like everyone else, she had become fascinated by it.
	Each time Azoic remembered to give himself an expression, she felt the same things that he seemed to be feeling. When he laughed, she too needed to laugh; when he looked puzzled, she too felt puzzled; when he looked sad, she felt his unbearable burdens too. Trying to cope with these shared emotions was almost as exhausting as digging. 
	By evening, a sizable crowd of spectators had gathered, all waiting for Azoic to smile again; except for Decimus of course. Decimus had not been so impressed with the changes, and he had shooed everyone away by quoting one of his long-winded policies. He had then gone over to consult with his new trader-friends, who had also been staring at Azoic.
	She had become increasingly irritated by their evil presence, so when she had overheard them speculating about Azoic's past, she had marched upon them to defend Azoic personally. That had resulted in her being sent to bed early. Thus, her current torture was all the fault of that mean Decimus. Somebody had to do something about that nasty grown-up. Why couldn't Azoic be their Elder instead?
	She was not entirely sure what Elders were supposed to do make themselves more Elder-ish, but being an angel would certainly have to be a qualification that Decimus could not match. The difficult part about turning Azoic into an Elder would be the need to convince everyone else in the village that angels actually existed.
	Oh, she knew that everyone claimed to believe in angels, but obviously they didn't. Perhaps angels that could be seen were more difficult to believe in than ones that were invisible. ‘Blind faith' was what Azoic called it.
	They were still digging outside. She could hear the distant rasp of shovels, and she was reminded of how very proud she had become of her father, her uncle, and most of all Merab. They had each volunteered to help with the digging. Yet, she was also slightly irritated that they were now making excellent progress without her.
	She had been the Chief Bucket-Person. Her uncle had been the Assistant Bucket-Person. She had grown expert at judging when to release the rope, by the sounds coming out of the well. Her father would stop grunting under the weight of his rock-hammer, there would be a shuffling sound and then she would shout "Bucket!", and he would shout "Ouch!" She smiled, he had just been pretending to be hurt.
	It was so unfair that she should now have to sit here in bed all night, just listening, when she ought to be outside helping. Merab had also been sent to bed, eventually. She knew that he too had remained awake to listenen.
	He had been tapping on the wall, sending messages to her about well-building as if he had been Chief of Everything. Then he had stopped tapping, probably due to his frustration with her replies, or her tapping errors.
	Why did he insist on using his dumb, secret codes, instead of just talking like a normal person? Boys could be complete idiots sometimes.
	It was still dark when she finally found the courage to venture out and assess the progress. She could not allow herself be seen outside until after the cock began its tuneless screeching, so her investigation had to at least begin surreptitiously.
	They had built a circular wall around the pit, a wall that was almost as tall as she was. Also, there was a wooden structure standing over the wall, supporting a thatch-roof. A wheel was attached under this roof, from which hung a rope, one end dangling into the well, the other attached to her bucket.
	She was disappointed that a Chief Bucket-Person would no longer be required, as if she had been replaced by a stupid mechanical thing. However, she could forgive it if there was something else that she could do that was as much fun as Bucket-Person being. Judging by the muffled grunts rising up from below, the pit was much deeper than it had been. Also, judging by the grunts, both her father and uncle could now fit inside the well at the same time. Although, they were probably standing one above the other on some of the step-pegs that protruded into the well from the well's new wall.
	Azoic was leaning over the wall, looking down. She shook her head at him as she watched. He was settling his lantern on the wall so gently that it seemed he was afraid of scratching one or the other. She crept closer, looking around anxiously to see if anyone else was stirring.
	As Azoic started to greet her, she put her fingers to her lips and waved him to come closer, away from the well. She whispered, "Good morning, Azoic. I'm just visiting you, and I might have to go run back to bed in a moment. I'm not allowed out until dawn. Please, don't tell Daddy I was here. The well looks great. Is it finished?"
	"Humph. Not finished." The face was smeared with dirt and the day was dim, but she could still see his gloomy expression.
	"No, but I'm sure we will have everything done very soon. Did you find water yet?"
	"Not enough."
	"So you found some then?" She put her hand over her mouth; she could barely contain her excitement. "Is there another lake down there, is it very deep?"
	"Not deep enough."
	"Yes, but how deep is that? You should be happy. Anybody would think you were digging your own grave."
	"Mmmm." He nodded as if he really did think that. "Not oil enough." His rusty old lantern was flickering, as if it was about to go out.
	A scuffing sound came from the storehouse, and she backed away nervously. "Shhhh," she made a pushing gesture to show Azoic that he should go back and stand by the well. Of course, she should have known that Azoic would just stand there looking confused.
	The closest hiding place was the well's wall, but there could hardly be a worse place to be, given that her father and uncle might climb over it at any moment. Azoic's hut was still full of pigs and chickens, and they would immediately be disturbed by her presence. She was forced to try to run behind the storehouse itself, but there was no time. If she could just dive underneath it instead, she might still remain undetected.
	As she rolled over into the sand, she was relieved to see that it was not Decimus, but the traders who were stirring. The traders were less likely to care about her disobedience. 
	Fortunately, they did not seem to notice her. All three of them were instead moving toward the storehouse doorway to stare at Azoic. 	They were awake early, perhaps preparing to kidnap Azoic while nobody was looking. Whatever their plans were, she did not like the idea that they might be planning anything at all, especially since they had become friends with Decimus. 
	They were whispering. "The wagon is loaded and the mule is hitched. So, what curse keeps us here?"
	She crept closer so that she could hear them better, pushing through a sand-drift that had piled up along the base of the storehouse, blocking access any other hiding-spaces. The scuffing sound moved over her head, and she twisted herself to achieve an uncomfortable view up through the floorboards. It would not be long before the cock crowed, and the sunny horizon would make the space under the floorboards too bright for this kind of spying. They might already be able to see her if they looked down, but now was not the time to crawl further into the shadows. She had to remain fixed in her discomfort for fear of drawing their attention.
	"Ah, Servius, why are you always in a hurry? The Ixis are not going to come looking for us out here, we have plenty of time. You just let me do the thinking." Lucius had sung the last phrase as if he were talking to a child.
	"Thinking? Is that what you call it? If we had listened to you, we would still be out in the desert. Dead, most likely." Servius' dropped onto one of the guest beds that Decimus must have set up in the storehouse especially for them. The boards above Neariah's head creaked, and she felt sure that Servius was going to look down over the edge of his bed and see her.
	"Dead? Don't exaggerate. Getting lost was just a minor mishap. There was no way that I could have known the storm would follow us through the desert like that. It's gone now, so what harm is done, Servius, my old friend? We have all the food and liquor we could want. We have a comfortable place to sleep, and a bunch of desert mice running around doing our laundry and cooking. All I'm asking is that you keep your mouth shut today so I can pull their tails when I'm ready."
	Servius was bouncing his dirty sandals over the edge of the bed, leaving dark marks on the white bed sheets. She blinked hard as dirt began to fall through the boards onto her face. She frowned at him, wondering what her mother would say if she knew that this man wore shoes in bed.
	Servius groaned as if he was in pain. "Why do we bother with all this. It's not a bank, Lucius, it's just a plain, old store. There is no money anywhere in these buildings. That Decimus idiot just calls it a bank because he wants to make an impression. If you want to find out whether they have money, you have to do more than pull tails off," she heard him make a snapping sound. "So, why don't you let me be the cat this time. You'd be surprised how co-operative your little mice will become. They would be dying to give us anything we—"
	"Can't you see that they are already doing everything we ask? You lack subtlety, Servius."
	"And you are getting soft. Too many years in the mine, killing roaches instead of—whoa, I was just joking, Lucey!"
	Lucius sandal ground into the boards directly above her, and she could hear him grinding his teeth. His fat, shaking hands looked ludicrous from below, but as he leaned forward, she could hear Servius moving away, across the bed. "If you want to see who's soft, I can show you."
	The smallest of the three strangers, Gnaeus, was scuffing his sandals further away from her, and coughing nervously. Decimus continued to snore nearby, and she could hardly believe that such loud scuffing was not waking him up. Almost as if Lucius had thought the same thing, the giant trader suddenly moved over to the door to make an elaborate show of checking for spies. He closed the door as if the tiniest noise would now wake the entire village. 
	Then Lucius rubbed his eyes. "Ah, Servy. Do you think people would stay in this useless corner of nowhere if there was no money to be made? No, of course not. They have got to be sucking the blood out of every trader who comes through here. You can see how many guest huts they had here, before the storm blew them away."
	Lucius' laugh was a snort of derision. "Our good friend Decimus thinks he's going to get at least a drachma for each night that we stay in this hell hole, and I hate to think what he might want to charge for the supplies we are taking. Yet, what trader would argue with his prices when there is only one store in this whole, goddamned desert? No, they have savings hidden around here somewhere. We just have to find out where."
	"So if there is money, why don't we just kill a few mice—"
	"Servius, shut up! We don't need any more killing. It's like leaving footprints that don't blow away, and the Ixis would know it was us. Besides, these mice have eyes and ears everywhere. Remember how they found us when we could barely even see each other anymore? There could be more of them in every oasis in this desert. If we kill one of them, we might have to kill all of them."
	"So? I could kill everyone here on my own."
	"No, these mice trust us, and that is why they will show us where their cheese is. This time, instead of killing the mice, we just have to place a mouse-trap."
	Lucius began pacing up and down directly along Neariah's body, which made it difficult to hear what he was whispering. The nervous man in the far corner moved closer, stretching his chin out toward her and twitching his lips as if plagued by an uncontainable appetite.
	Lucius said, "Suppose we lost a very valuable treasure, like this." He was throwing a rectangular frame from hand to hand.
	"That was one of those pictures we got from the guard-house, right Lucius?" Gnaeus screwed up his rodent-sharp face. "But, if it's busted, how can it still be valuable?"
	"Of course it is not valuable, it never was. It is a fake. You know that, and I know that, but these mice would not recognize gold if it bit them in the eye. You saw how they stared at the junk we had in the wagon. They probably think that anything shiny is worth something." Lucius' pretended to bite the frame, although this only made Gnaeus look more confused. "Suppose this valuable item was stolen from us."
	"And the punishment for theft will be—"
	Servius' voice stopped abruptly when Lucius leaned closer, and this time Lucius' whole body was shaking. There was a moment of silence, before Lucius continued. "Then, suppose it turns up in a mouse-hole."
	"How did it get there, Lucius?" Gnaeus was wide-eyed.
	"And then, suppose their cheese goes missing too, and wouldn't you believe that some little piece of the cheese turns up in the same mouse-hole that we find this treasure in? And we are so upset about all this stealing that we leave this hell-hole with our noses in the air, and the remainder of their cheese in our pockets."
	"And when in this plan do you expect to find out where all their cheese is hidden?" Servius did not sound impressed.
	"Leave that to me. All I need is a little more time with my new friend, Decimus."
	"You also need a mouse-hole in which to plant that treasure, the hole of a really stupid mouse."
	"Mouse?" Gnaeus was rubbing his forehead.
	Lucius smiled again, "Aye, Gnaues, a mouse. Who will be the stupid mouse?"
	"That guy doing the digging!" Gnaeus jumped across Neariah's wedge of sight. "He was white and furry before he shaved. Besides, that fat old maid said he lives in that hole out there." The other two men looked at each other and laughed. "He did, honestly, you heard her talking about him. Decimus hates the guy, so wouldn't he make a good...ah...mouse?"
	"Yes, you get the idea, Gnaeus." Lucius' smile pushed his cheeks out into red hemispheres. "But first, it may be time to find out who that stupid mouse really is. I wonder whether he shaved so that we would not recognize him." Lucius opened the door and slowly stepped out, with Gnaeus close behind. The strangers landed in the sand very close to her, and she pulled in her elbows to make herself smaller.
	There was movement on the bed above as Servius also began to follow. She was sure that this stranger would not think twice about killing her if he saw her, but she was forced to risk detection. She needed to move her head so that she could see what Lucius and Gnaeus might be doing to Azoic.
	"Hello, are you the crazy man that everyone talks about?"
	"Hmmm? Ah, me? Crazy?"
	"Are you? How nice for you. Yes, today is certainly going to be warmer than yesterday."
	"Yes, less war."
	"War?"
	"Gods at war."
	"Oh, I see. Yes, of course. You are crazy, right?"
	"Compared with what?"
	"What?"
	"Hmmm, yes. Comparing is necessary. Sanity is relative."
	"What? I don't understand you. You sound foreign. Have we ever met before? Where are you from?"
	"Up there." Azoic was staring up into the sky, and Neariah smiled as she watched Lucius and Gnaeus shake their heads.
	Lucius stepped forward. "If you play games with me—" someone in the well had sneezed loudly, and Lucius' voice continued more quietly "—you will regret it." He grabbed Azoic's tunic and pulled Azoic away from the well.
	"What do they call you, crazy man?"
	"Azoic."
	"Azoic? That is a strange name. You remind me of somebody, somebody I did not like. Do you know who that person might have been?"
	"Your father?"
	Neariah stifled a gasp, convinced that Lucius was going to hit Azoic for being so cheeky. Instead, Lucius relaxed his grip and tilted his head back. "Why did you say that?"
	"He beat you, so now you fear people who do not fear you."
	Lucius' grip tightened again. "What the hell do you know about my god-damned father? He was a useless fool, just like you. Shut up, Gnaeus!"
	Gnaeus stopped giggling and retreated. Lucius' face was shaking again, and she could clearly hear him grinding his teeth. She could not believe Azoic's bravery.
	He looked so calm. He was staring back at Lucius with one of his saddest expressions, as if he felt sympathy for the nasty man. "Your father watches you and blames himself for what you have become."
	"He does what? Yeah, of course he does. You are trying to mess with my mind."
	"He forgives you for killing him."
	"Aaah! These are just guesses. Just guesses! What in hell's hord are you?"
	"Lucius?" It was her father's voice, echoing in the well. Lucius pushed, causing both he and Azoic to step away from each other. Her father's arm hooked over the side of the well, and he peered around with a broad smile. "Lucius, I thought I heard you. You are awake early. You met Azoic already?"
	"What? No. Yes. Azoic and I were just discussing Erebus, yes Erebus!"
	"Oh, did you know each other in Erebus?"
	"Ah, we are not sure. Why do you ask?"
	"I'm sorry. I keep thinking that people in Erebus all know each other. Cities are not like villages, are they? However, if you could tell us something about Azoic, it would be very helpful." Her father lifted himself to sit on the wall where he rubbed his neck as if he was having trouble straightening it. "Azoic has problems with his memory, as I suppose Decimus has already told you by now."
	"Memory problems. How...inconvenient."
	"Yes, it is." Her father was squinting at Lucius. "Do you know anything about Azoic?"
	Lucius shook his head. "No, I never saw him before."
	"I see." Hushah hesitated. "Ah, Lucius? How did you get out of Erebus if the Ixis were preventing people leaving?"
	"Oh, we weren't actually inside Erebus. We were on our way there, but we saw the fire and came this way instead."
	"When we first met, in the desert, you told me that you had come from Erebus." Her father was looking at the wagon, which had a canvas sheet stretched over a very full load.
	"No, no. We picked up that load from a depot outside of Erebus." The cock crowed from inside Azoic's hut, and Lucius rubbed his hands together. "And that sound means it must be time for breakfast. We have a long journey to get ready for. It was nice speaking with you, Mr. Hushah."
	Neariah stiffened as Lucius and Gnaeus started walking toward her. The strangers were suddenly surrounding her, and the top of the rising sun was bleeding out across the desert. She would be easy to see, especially if the one they called Servius looked through the floor-boards.
	"I don't want you to talk to that one, he's trouble. Are you carrying a knife? Good, keep it hidden. No killing unless I say so. We may need to get out of here in a hurry, and if we do...." The rest of Lucius' hushed instructions were lost to her as the strangers stamped over her head and then moved away toward Decimus' bedroom.
	Something was scuffing above her, and she looked up. Servius was looking down and leaning his head to one side. Then his knee slammed into the plank above her eye, and his shadowy eye arched down toward her. She pulled her face away from the crack in the boards by shuffling sideways, knowing that there was little hope that she had evaded detection.
	There was a grunt, and then more scuffs as the killer-stranger started moving again. The sound of his sandals on the steps compelled her to keep pushing herself through sand, toward the back of the storehouse, where she might get out and run for the trees.
	"...lose something?" It was her father's voice, coming closer.
	"Oh, Mr. Hushah. No, nothing important." She looked back to see the killer-stranger's feet go back up the steps and she heard him scuff toward Decimus' bedroom. She took a deep breath to expel the fear, and then propelled herself out onto the open sand behind the storehouse, where she stood shaking sand out of her hair.
	What should she do now? The more she could learn about Lucius' mouse-trap, the easier it would be to get the grown-ups to believe her, but this was feeling more dangerous all the time. How could she continue spying on them if one of them already knew what she was up to? She could only imagine what might happen to her if they caught her.
	The crawl space under Decimus' house was roomier, in fact it was the boys' frequently-used den. The den was such a huge boy-secret that she had never been officially informed of its existence. However, secrets only lasted so long in an oasis, she had managed to discover its location with very little effort.
	Her brother had modified part of the ornate skirt around the base of Decimus' house so that it would pull open. It took a frustrating moment to dig the skirt free, and the sound of voices in Decimus' house made the maze of dark passages beyond seem much safer than sitting out in the open.
	She crawled in to discover that the den was more extensive than she had imagined. She kept looking back to see if anyone was following her, but she knew it was only her imagination. The further into the den she went, the darker and smellier it got, and the less safe it felt. She continued to tell herself that the killer-trader was too big to fit into these small tunnels, but even so, she started to scream when a hand grabbed her ankle.
	"Ssshhh! Keep quiet or you will get us both into trouble. What are you doing in here?" Merab's breathing moved closer through the darkness.
	As slowly as she could, she exhaled the lung-full that had almost been her downfall, then swallowed. "Merab, you almost scared me to death. How did you know I was in here?"
	He retreated saying, "Follow me."
	She remained too shocked to argue, but as she followed she realized how grateful she was for his company. The darkness no longer felt so threatening, and she might now have a witness to back up her story when she explained everyting to their father. Suddenly Merab's heel was pressing into her shoulder, as if he wanted her to stop. She was about to take offense when she heard voices above them.
	Merab wormed around to breath into her face, and he then pointed upward. He showed two fingers, followed by a rapid movement of hands and arms that imitated two snakes striking at each other. She bit her lip to avoid laughing at him. She supposed that he was in his element, there was not much difference between a warrior and a spy. Given the concentration that set his face, it was entirely possible that he understood what was happening above better than she did.
	He did not look surprised when more voices began to drift toward them. This time he held up four fingers, and made a cupping gesture with his hands. She shrugged in reply, and he frowned at her, mouthing the words, "You are so useless." Then he pressed his hands up against the boards, suffering great pains to reposition his ear into his palms while squinting at the tip of his nose like a newborn piglet.
	Again, she bit her lip, this time hiding her smile by following her brother's example. Despite her misgivings, the conversation above became much easier to overhear.
	"...but Lucius, we have to punish the offender. I can't allow this sort of thing to ruin the good reputation of Summerdale. I hardly know what to say, this is all just so very awful, and I, I, I really don't know what to say."
	"Please, Mr. Mayor, it is not any fault of yours, nor any fault of your wonderful town, here. One evil person in a town does not make the whole town evil, at least not usually. Let us forget—oh, the fireplace? Oh, I see. How ingenious. I would never have thought of looking under that mantle—and a real safe as well! I thought that—well of course, you are a banker, are you not? What else should I expect? I bow to you, sir. Truly, you are a master at work!"
	"Oh, yes, this is a simple thing. I designed it myself, so that it would look less like a safe, and more like, well, a fireplace. I don't normally show it to my clients, though. I place you under the strictest confidence in this matter. My bank is just one of the many assets that will become more important as Summerdale grows to become a town. I have great plans.
	"For example, Summerdale sits on a subterranean river that feeds all of the lakes along the oasis trail. I intend to build a grand wall around this oasis, and perhaps even brush out the sand to expose soil. Then there is my future Town Hall, high above the lake, built on stilts, with a long bridge leading up to it. Imagine it, a Town Hall that would seem to be floating on water, at least during the rainy season. Then I will build a great—"
	"But there is no money in there, ah, ahem—" Lucius continued to clear his throat for much longer than seemed necessary "—Sand in my throat. Tell me, Mr. Mayor, do you have another safe?"
	Decimus' voice wavered. "No, this is my only safe."
	"Then where, pray tell, are all of your clients' savings?"
	"Oh, I see. No, no. I see why you are so—don't worry, you are my only client—at the moment, that is. Usually the entire village's savings are kept in here, but we had some unexpected expenses last year—not theft or anything like that, no, never, no! There is no need to worry about that, Lucius, but I feel it is my duty as a banker to tell you of our proud achievements. We had over two thousand drachmas saved up in this safe. Yes a healthy sum wasn't it?
	"I managed the savings plan myself of course, but then, last year, Spurius—who you met earlier—one of my many employees, yes, anyway; Spurius rented a street-front accommodation from the Ixis. I had instructed him to set up a depot there, like some of the other traders that come through here, except that I was going to do it all on a much more professional scale, of course.
	"It was all my own idea, I'm afraid to have to say. Yes, it is so difficult to get anyone to appreciate the value of commerce like you and I do, Lucius. I sometimes think that my poor villagers are lacking the basic sense that we more civilized persons must continually set as an example—"
	Lucius coughed politely. "Certainly, you flatter me by comparing my meager achievements to your own great plans, but, pray tell, the savings?"
	"Oh, they were all used up as a deposit on that street-front accommodation, which has since burned down because of the fires. I will have to start again from nothing. Fortune did not smile upon me—or Summerdale."
	"Mr. Mayor, I am deeply saddened. No savings. Hell! No savings—by which I mean to say that our own savings are also much depleted, so I can easily understand your predicament. We too ran from the fires with the remains of our trading practice. We are in the same position, you and I."
	"I guessed as much, Lucius, that is why I am telling you all of this. I want to finish our discussion about that business proposition I made to you. My employee, Spurius, has become rather—how should I convey this? Spurius is frustrated lately. He was obviously not adequately prepared for the demands of city life, and I should not have sent him to Erebus on such an important mission. He got mixed up with shipping silly little things like cannabis sativa—totally against my instructions, I might add!
	"Unfortunately, Spurius was the only one who was prepared to live in Erebus—not that it is an unpleasant place, of course, but compared to life in an oasis.... Anyway, he was all I had to send, and the village was growing so very slowly, you see, so I could not wait any longer. Yourself, however, with your trading experience and your more gentlemanly presence, I'm sure.... No savings? Lucius, my dear man, what are you saying?"
	"Savings? Oh, I was thinking aloud, forgive me. We really ought to be leaving, the wagon is repaired and—"
	"But wait, we have much to discuss—"
	"Let's discuss it later, when we come back through this—"
	"And there is an amount outstanding, let me see now. Here, an amount of some size, I should do a tally—"
	"We will be able to pay you out of the profits we are going to make from selling our shipment in the mountains. We really don't have any actual coinage to pay you with, since that too went missing during the storm. However, I will be returning this way. I have to visit my poor dying father in Erebus, and I will be bringing my trade profits back with me, so we could settle up any outstanding debts at that time."
	"Oh, I'm sorry to hear of your father—nineteen, twenty, twenty-two—"
	"And we would be more than glad to help you out with that crazy man, as we discussed earlier."
	"What? Oh, you mean taking him away with you? Yes, ah, that would be very helpful, Lucius. Yes, he should leave as soon as possible, but he should also be made to apologize and account for stealing your trade assets out of my—"
	"Oh no, that would not be necessary, Mr. Mayor, Sir. Forgiveness is a famous virtue of the desert-folk, and we would wish to replicate your graciousness, Mr. Mayor, Sir."
	"Forgiveness? Yes, well I suppose that an apology might be difficult to extract anyway, but if he proves difficult to expel.... I don't suppose you would know where he hid your treasure after he stole it, would you?"
	Merab had been pulling at her shoulder, but by the time she managed to turn around all she could see were his heels. Since she had no desire to be left behind in the dark, on her own, she decided to follow him. As she pulled herself out through Merab's secret exit, he grabbed her by the arm and said, "So, what did the crazy man steal?"
	She blinked in the morning sunlight. "Azoic doesn't steal."
	"I spent all of yesterday digging that stupid well for your stupid friend, and now he goes and steals something. Perhaps it is best that they take him away."
	"Merab, how can you say that? It is just a trick, so that Lucius can do the stealing, and then blame Azoic."
	"Steal what? Decimus already gave him everything in Summerdale that has any value."
	"Neariah! Merab! Come here!"
	It was their father, and Merab shrugged his ‘nobody can help us now' gesture. They both walked toward the well, on which their father and uncle were sitting side by side, covered in mud and sweat. This reminded her that she had not dusted the sticky sand off her once-clean nightshirt.
	"You did a nice job on the well, Daddy." She smiled as cutely as she could. "Where is Azoic?"
	"Down under. Where have you two been?"
	"We were just playing, right Merab?" She heard Merab groan, as if he was in no mood to support her. In fact, his expression looked quite hostile. Any confidence that she might have had, with him as a back-up witness, was now beginning to evaporate.
	"Look at the two of you. Your mother is going to be angry that you did not stay in bed until morning. How are we are going to tell her that you were playing under Decimus' house? You know that you are not supposed to do that. So? What do you have to say for yourselves?"
	She took a deep breath. "Lucius was going to kill Azoic if he didn't tell him who he was, and the other one wanted to kill everyone because Azoic looks like a mouse, and they want to blame him for stealing their treasure when he didn't do anything—but there aren't any savings so he isn't going to come back to visit his father—he was lying, he is going to kill Azoic instead. We can't let them take Azoic away, he'll die if we don't try to—" 
	"Wait, slow down a little! I can only hear so fast. Now, what did you say?"
	She erupted again, and more scattered bursts of explanation prevented her from answering her father's questions. Only when she realized that her father was taking her very seriously was she able to take a deep breath and ease herself into a more composed burst.
	After she had finally stopped talking she was in tears, and her father was pacing around the well with a finger and thumb wrapped around his patch of chin bristles. He stopped in front of Spurius; they looked at each other, and then her father stuck his chin forward and rasped his fingernails across his bristles.
	"Who else knows this, Neariah?"
	"No one, except Merab. He was there too, but he didn't hear all of it. I'm scared now." She could feel her teeth pinching into her lip, but the pain was not enough to stop the crying.
	"Possum." Her father put his hands on her cheeks and gently shook her head. "Grown-ups say strange things sometimes. Things they don't always mean. Now, I'm sure you heard what you heard, but there is probably more to find out than a few words. I think you should leave this matter with me. In the meantime, I want you both to stay out of the crawl spaces from now on. It is very impolite to spy on people, and you should both stay in your bedrooms for the day as a punishment."
	Merab slapped at the dirt on the back of his pants. "Oh, great. Now look what I get for helping you!"
	There was a cry from within Decimus' house. "Oh my goodness, surely it was not worth that much?" The anguished voice burst out into the daylight as a distressed Decimus propelled himself toward the well. His face was glowing red, and his head was thrown back as he ran like an irate, fan-head lizard, rearing up to defend its territory. "And it was stolen while it was in the safe-keeping of my bank!" He was shouting at the top of his voice.
	Lucius was ambling along after Decimus, his face showing excruciating pain, and he was waving his arms almost as dramatically as Decimus. "Please, Mr. Mayor, Sir. Someone of your position in life does not need to worry about something this unimportant." 
	"Oh, but I knew something like this would happen before we saw the last of that crazy man. I'm so sorry that it had to happen to you, Lucius. I'm sure that we will get to the bottom of this, don't you worry. This has never happened before in all my days as an Elder here." They continued to run, the thin one in mincing steps and the fat one in slow bounds, toward Azoic's guest hut.
	Neariah watched in shock, as the two men both tried to squeeze into the village's smallest hut. This started a chorus of squeaks and squawks as pigs and chickens were evicted.
	"Ahah!" Lucius round posterior was the first to retreat back out of the hut, and he turned around to display a gold picture frame that he was holding delicately between two of his stubby fingers. He lifted it ceremoniously and called up to the distant sky, "Here Mr. Mayor, Sir, I found it! I thank you so much! What would we have done without this? It is worth as much as our whole shipment put together, and we owe you more than we can say! And of course, this is but a minor discomfort between friends. I truly did not want to burden you—or anyone else. Please, let us not make an issue out of this terrible ordeal. Let us just forget the whole embarrassing, dreadful, dishonest incident. Please accept this treasure as a token of our—"
	Decimus was already launching himself toward her father and uncle, but despite his hurry he was able to stop and wait for some other villagers to come running out of their huts.
	"You should keep this precious item in a safe place, Mr. Mayor. I'm sure your bank would be just the place. Perhaps you could look after it for us, while we are gone." Lucius then leaned over and whispered something in Decimus' ear.
	"Collateral?" Decimus did not seem to be agreeing, but Lucius continued to whisper in his ear.
	"Yes, yes of course." Decimus dropped his voice to a whisper. "Come into the bank, we need to sign your tally."
	"No, there is no need for that. I trust you explicitly, Mr. Decimus, Sir. We ought to be on our way. Thank you for everything you have done for us, you have been most kind."
	The traders' wagon began to creak as the killer-trader started to pull at the mule, while staring at Neariah as if he knew what she had been saying about them. She moved closer to her father to stare back at the killer, defiantly.
	Decimus shouted again. "But you can't leave, not without Azoic. Where is he?"
	Her father and uncle both shrugged at Decimus at the same time, and she deliberately kept her gaze away from the well, while pursing her lips.
	"You have to wait until we find Azoic!" Decimus was imploring Lucius.
	"Mr. Mayor, we would be pleased to take him along with us, but Mr. Hushah has been objecting and we wouldn't want to cause any ill feelings, now would we? So we must bid you farewell, and thank you for everything." Lucius promptly turned and walked away, lumbering along behind the wagon.
	"Wait! What about our agreement, the matter of, ah, Mr. Lucius? Just a moment, if you would!" Decimus ran up beside Lucius, and managed to keep pace by walking sideways on his ungainly legs. Then he stopped, with long arms outstretched toward Lucius' back.
	A large crowd of villagers had now emerged from their homes, and they were watching in silence as Decimus began walking back toward them. Neariah could see pain in Decimus' face, as if he had just suffered a mortal wound.
	For the first time, she realized that Decimus might actually have lost an argument. Azoic was still here, the well was almost finished, everyone was learning to like Azoic, and Decimus looked like he had nothing left to say. They could send her to her bedroom now if they wanted, but she would still have won. She did not care if Decimus saw the smile on her face, a smile that she was pleased to stretch from ear to ear.
	Decimus came very close to her, before he stopped looking at her and instead faced her father. "We had already decided that the crazy man was going to leave with Lucius. You are deliberately obstructing our policy. Where is the evil man?"
	There was a wheezing sound in the well, and Decimus looked surprised to see Azoic leaning over the well's wall. "Get out of there, immediately!"
	Then Decimus turned to her father and said, "He either leaves now, or he finds his own way to Everdale the same way that he found his way here, on foot!"
	The smile left Neariah's face, and her jaw fell open. Beside her, Azoic slid over the neat wall, leaving dark brown streaks on its gray-white cement. He was wet up to his knees, but he looked pleased. "There is water. Good for growing a village."
	Decimus whirled around furiously. "What do you know about growing villages, fool! I was here before you even knew what an oasis was, assuming that you know what anything is," he added. Decimus bent down to bring his sharp nose into Azoic's face. "You have tricked us for long enough, and now we know that you are just a common thief!"
	"Must you hate me because I am older than you?"
	"Oh, no. You are not older than me. Look at you, you look like a child. A child who steals!"
	"Age can an make Elders, but it does not always give them an Elder's wisdom."
	"What?" Decimus recoiled with equal surprise. "Of course age is wisdom. What could that have to do with anything? I hate you because you steal. In return for all we have given you, you steal! It is time for you to leave, thief!"
	"Hmmm, a thief, stealing pride?"
	Decimus turned his back on Azoic and produced the picture frame from within his tunic, just as Lucius had done moments ago. "The crazy man stole this!" He waved the frame around in the air for everyone to see. "Lucius did not want me to say anything, but you should know that the crazy man went through the trader's belongings, and this is one of the things that he stole. He stole it from within the bank! We found it in his hut! He is a thief!" There were some mutters of disbelief, and Decimus began looking at faces with widening eyes, as if he was becoming afraid of everyone.
	Then her uncle stepped down from the wall and plucked the picture frame from Decimus' hand. He examined it, with his jaw muscles flexing, and said, "Azoic, tell us, why did you steal this?" Neariah could see the veins on her uncle's head bulging, but he was looking at Decimus while speaking to Azoic.
	Azoic wheezed heavily and shook his head. "Hmmm. I do not remember stealing it. I am sorry. I should go now." He wheezed some more, his sorrow evident in his naked face, and in the distant gaze that pulled his sadness out toward the horizon, like a lost soul.
	"So, Decimus. It is Azoic's word against Lucius', and this is the only evidence we have." Spurius held the frame closer to Decimus' nose, and waved it between their fiercely locked eyes. Then he twisted the frame between his fingertips, delicately forcing it to snap in half.
	"Ooops," he said, as the two pieces of broken wood fell to the ground at Decimus' feet. "And it was so valuable; but I could always buy you another one, next time I am in Erebus, working like a slave for your own personal trading business, Master Decimus!"
	Decimus lifted his nose. "Since you have been in Erebus, you have forgotten everything that I taught you about good manners!" He pushed Spurius backward, there being no other way for him to walk out of the circle of onlookers, and Spurius reacted like a wounded dingo.
	Spurius pushed back with ferocity; her father stepped in between them and shouted at her uncle; Decimus demanded that someone control both her uncle and her father; Ginnetho grabbed Spurius' arm; Decimus lifted his foot to kick at Spurius, and then her father shouted louder than she had ever heard him shout before.
	"What is happening to us?" They all stopped moving. "Look at us! We don't settle disagreements like this. We are acting like crazy people. This is why we have—"
	"An Elder?" Spurius finished the sentence off for him, without realizing why Hushah had stopped talking.
	"Oh, Hushah!" Moserah was leaning against the wall of the well. "Azoic fell, straight backward, head first!"
	Hushah jumped over the wall and the snap of breaking pegs echoed as he descended. Moserah reached into the well as if she was trying to catch Hushah. Then she looked around as his voice echoed upward, "Send down that old lantern!"
	Ginnetho threw the lantern to her and she shook it. She shouted into the darkness, "It's empty! I'll get another one!"
	"Hushah, what can you feel?" Spurius was now climbing down the well to join Hushah.
	Neariah's thoughts seemed to have detached themselves from her body, as if she was watching the events as ghosts might watch people. Her legs must have carried her through the crowd with a will of their own, because she had not intended to arrive at the wall, or to press her forehead up against it.
	There were grown-ups running around behind her, but all she could see was Azoic's wall. She could feel the hair on her scalp crawling, and her head felt empty, as if all warmth had just been pulled out of it.
	They were shouting at her uncle, who was now at the bottom of the well. They were warning eachother about a lantern that was about to be dropped. There was shouting, up and down, geusses about what could or could not be seen, and then her uncle's echoed cry silenced everyone, "He is not breathing!"
	She knew that he was not breathing, she could feel it.
	"What about a pulse?"
	"Do you need water?"
	"Can you lift him?"
	A white sheet, which someone had once rolled into a swan-sized ball, was being thrown down the well. Then there was silence as everyone waited.
	She stepped back to make room for the sheet-covered object as it rolled over the wall in front of her. Without any human dignity, the object appeared completely alien. She tried to imagine Azoic sleeping inside it, but the image would not warm the coldness in her mind.
	"Is that Azoic?" A voice asked from behind her, as if the owner of this voice had also been listening to her thoughts. She heard herself say that it was not, but that if it was, he was probably just day-dreaming again. She was also about to explain that angels could not die, but her own voice seemed to become as far away as the other voices around her, so she allowed it drift into nothingness.
	Her mother's face filled her view, and then she felt air being squeezed out of her as her chin was pressed into her mother's shoulder. She hung as limply as the dead swan that she had once rescued, and still staring at its carcass, she was carried away from it.
	Then she was looking down at the white sheets of her own bed, and much fussing was going on around her. People were providing her with soup and then taking it away again, and people were whispering and patting her head and cheeks; poking and prodding.
	She could barely feel it anymore. The drifting faces seemed to be part of the dream, even when one of the faces appeared to be her brother's. This face would also have escaped focus if it had not been for its unusual expression, a face that had become quite distorted, like a frightened bilby-mouse. She examined her brother's face briefly, before returning to the places where her thoughts could flow more easily, where stories conjured up magical worlds beyond the desert.
	"...stop opening your eyes. We are traveling through the stars, remember. Yes, there are little lights flashing past us like fireflies, and ahead of us is another magical place, where the rock-creatures sing."
	"Rock-creatures?" She had been most intrigued by that one. "Rocks, like this rock?" She had patted the ceiling of their little cave in the butte.
	Outside, the rain was hammering into the sand as if the desert was being boiled alive. Azoic had told her that Summerdale would recover, because Nature always heals, so she was not worried as they hid from the storm.
	"Life does not always look like you or I, my little Warlady. Incredible pressures and temperatures feel good to rock creatures, so they live deep down, inside planets, without light or air, eating minerals. Some creatures eat basalt, and use hydrogen gas for energy, and extract carbon from inorganic carbon dioxide, while living in streams of acid, toluene, benzene, cyclohexane, kerosene—" 
	"You aren't making sense again."
	"Sorry. Ah, primordial organosynthesis can initiate in million-year old meteorite fragments that have endured absolute thermo-voids and alpha spectrum radiation. The definition of life is not—"
	"What about the rock creatures? What did they look like?"
	"Hmmm?"
	"I don't know how to imagine such weird things, Azoic. How do you invent these things?"
	"I saw them, as I see them now. The rocks used to talk by pulsing quantum-luminosity. Long, curly thoughts that could dig through light-years like the wings of a nova."
	"The rock creatures had wings? What happened to your wings when you fell from—"
	"—but these thought-creatures did not need physical wings. These thoughts were lighter than air. When they touched their destination they would hiss. Psssshhhh."
	She had laughed at this—Azoic had looked so funny as he had blown air through his wild beard. When he had opened his eyes, she had been quick to close her own, to demonstrate that she was meditating as instructed. With her eyes closed she had asked, "How can anything be lighter than air?"
	"Air is quite heavy. You just don't think about it that way. Just like fishes don't think about how heavy a bucket of water is. Oh, and there were the long fishes of Alphadatum. They used to chase their tails in circles until they were dizzy, and then they would go to sleep in frozen lakes, using their long legs to—"
	"Fishes don't have legs." She had been quite adamant about that one.
	"Have you seen all the fishes there are to see? No? So! The fishes' had legs that were—"
	"They would look really silly," she had giggled.
	"They probably felt sorry for the fishes without legs, the ones that could not run with the life-game."
	"Like kick-stick?"
	"Kick-stick? I do not remember kick-stick."
	"It's easy, I'll show you tomorrow. They will find us tomorrow, won't they?"
	"The fishes?"
	"No, silly—oh, but don't worry, Azoic." She had given him a big hug, but she had only been pretending to be confident. It seemed to make Azoic feel better. "That wind will stop eventually. Then I will take you home."
	"Neariah, did you ever see a squimble?"
	"A what?"
	"Can you imagine one as big as a person?"
	"But, I can't even imagine a small...swimble."
	"Ahhh, that is because your eyes are open. What do you think it looks like?"
	She shut her eyes. "Well, I suppose it would have to have long legs, and maybe a wiggly nose that digs in the sand—"
	"So you have seen a squimble!" Azoic had looked very concerned about this—he was so very weird sometimes.
	"Can we talk about...something else?"
	"Hmmm?"
	"There was a question that I was meaning to ask you, but.... it's just that I don't want to know the answer if it is bad."
	"What kind of answer would be good?"
	"Heaven. That would be a good answer."
	"Oh, I see. Hmmm. Only the bravest should search for truth where there are good and bad answers."
	"So, does that mean you are going to say Heaven?"
	"Heaven."
	"After I ask the question, silly."
	His bushy eyebrows had risen, as if he had wanted her to smile, but she was not going to be distracted. "Here is the question." She had taken a deep breath. "Did Crazymutt go to Heaven, or to Hell?"
	He had tilted his head to one side, and his eyebrows had come down so low that she could hardly see his eyes in the poor light. "Why do you ask?"
	"Decimus said that only people could go to Heaven. He said that if dogs had souls, then why wouldn't mosquitoes go to Heaven? He said that God made man in his image, and that God does not look like a dog."
	"Perhaps Decimus will be a mosquito in his next life."
	"Next life?" She had never imagined more than one life.
	"Some people believe that souls can return in new bodies. Other people believe that there are places that a soul can go when its physical body dies, and some people believe there is only one soul, shared by all of us. What do you believe?"
	"I don't really know. That's why I was asking you, Azoic. What is the truth?"
	"Some believe that Heaven is where every mind comes from, and goes back to, the one God's mind-share environment. If it is the sum of all the minds in Nature, one natural mind will never be able to imagine it. Yet when minds meld together, the shared soul grows ever greater, and those that feel unworthy of dissolving themselves into it, must live to learn again."
	"That can't be Heaven. Yuck! I don't want anyone else to know what I am thinking. So, does any of this mean that Crazymutt is happy, or is he sad?"
	"Your religion can take away your sight, and leave you dependent upon those who do not know they are also blind. Some things you must learn for yourself, why else would the Godstuff be so close and yet so far? I must go. I will be back soon. I have to go and catch those who are blowing away."
	She had grabbed at his tunic. "You can't leave me here."
	His palm had warmed her forehead, and he had smiled at her as if he wanted her to know that he would never let anything harm her. The things around her had slowly started to lose their shape, dissolving into the background rock. Then sudden ly ther was sunlight outside, and no more rain—it had all dried up as if the night had passed instantly.
	She remembered blinking at the strange angular sand upon which Azoic was standing, and asking, "Did I fall asleep?"
	"Yes. I did not want you to be afraid, while I was gone. Did you dream about Crazymutt?"
	"Actually, I did."
	"So is he in Heaven?"
	"I don't know." She had marched out onto the crusty sand to smell the cold air. "But I know that if I was God, I would rather have Crazymutt in Heaven with me than Decimus."
	He had then asked her the strangest of questions. "Does this mean that you are still responsible for Crazymutt, or did you give Crazymutt to God?"
	She had considered that question for a long time as they walked back to Summerdale, before she finally found an answer. "That question you asked me about Crazymutt; well, I have decided that Crazymutt must be in Heaven, because God would love dogs too, wouldn't he?"
	"People, dogs, mosquitoes, bacteria, ribonucleic acid, rocks, and even Decimus, are all Godspawn, and the soul of...."
	"...are you all right, Possum?" Her father was patting her face with a corner of the bed sheet, and his own face was very close to hers.
	She blinked. "I forgot to teach Azoic to play kick-stick."
	"I know, Possum." He put his arm around her shoulders and pulled her sideways as she hid her face in his shoulder.
	"Is the well finished?" Her words were muffled and soggy.
	"No, but we will finish it very soon, I promise. It is going to be a Remember Well. A special sort of well, so that we can always remember Azoic digging it."
	"Can I help you to finish the Remember Well?" She gritted her teeth to hold back the tears and she was looking her father in the eyes.
	"Yes, of course you can. Nobody is going to touch it until you are better."
	"I'm better now. Are we are going to bury Azoic with a proper ceremony, like we should have done for 'Mutty?"
	"Ah, yes, Crazymutt. Yes, we are going to bury Azoic."
	"Will Azoic's soul have to go to Heaven before he sees his well being finished?"
	"I'm sure he will see it from Heaven."
	"But what if he can't?" The tears were streaming over her cheeks again, even though her teeth were grinding together. Her throat burned from the effort of talking instead of crying. She pushed aside the bed sheets as if they were to blame for her pain, and wiped her face in the crook of her arm. Her father moved away as she slid off the bed. He was slowly shaking his head but he did not speak as he followed her.
	Azoic was not where her uncle had left him, but several villagers had collected together outside the storehouse, which probably meant that Azoic had been taken inside there. She had to let her father reach up and untie the dangling bucket for her, since she could not reach it. Then she began filling it with the chips of rock that lay scattered around the well. No matter how gently she placed the chips in the bucket, the silence around her was broken by the crash of each rock hitting metal.
	When filled, the bucket was heavier than she had expected, and the attempt to lift it made her wheeze, like Azoic had used to do. Despite the awkward weight, she dragged the contents onto the nearby rock pile, but refused to allow herself to rest when it was done. No matter what everyone was thinking about her, as they watched her from a distance, she was going to finish Azoic's Remember Well.
	As she continued to labor, her father stepped into the storehouse. He returned some moments later to resume his work inside the well. Whatever he had said to everybody resulted in the two of them being left uninterrupted until mid-day, at which time the other villagers started to approach in ones and twos, offering assistance. First came her uncle, then Ginnetho and Jaalam, and then even her mother. Even Decimus came out and dusted the well wall with his fingertips, which made her stop and stare at him in surprise. His efforts did not last long, though, because he walked away as soon as he noticed that she was staring at him.
	He was not the only grown-up who seemed uncomfortable when they approached the well. They all moved slowly, as if they were not sure that they really wanted to get so close to it. Yet, Neariah was in no mood to encourage them, she no longer cared whether they helped or not. Instead, she concentrated on her own work, pushing herself until every bone in her body ached, and then she almost began crying again so she pushed herself even harder.
	There was no celebration when her father brought up a cup filled with beautiful, sparkling water. As she forced herself to swallow the offered cupful, she noticed that Decimus was still watching her from his storehouse doorway. Again, he looked away and retreated when she stared back, and again she wondered whether he would ever admit to himself that he could have been wrong.
	She inspected the empty cup with quiet pride. The water tasted perfect. If only Azoic could have been here to drink it. In her thoughts she sent a wish across the well to wherever Azoic's soul might be, but she knew that it was a silly wish. He did not have a soul because he was an angel.
	She so desperately wanted him to wake up and climb out of that sheet, but.... Oh, it was an impossible wish, but it was only a wish.
	She knew that God never gave back those that He took away, but perhaps angels were different. Anyway, they had finished the Remember Well, and now nobody would ever forget that Azoic had been a good person.


A11: PERSONAL REDEMPTION 

	In her dreams that night, Crazymutt had been playing with Azoic. She had been unable to join their game because there had been a huge white sheet in the way, through which she could only see them as distant shadows. She had called out to them, but she had been unable to gain their attention. It had been a horrible dream, just as this was going to be a horrible day, like all days would be from now on.
	Today brought the burial ceremony that she had asked for, and they were going to put Azoic's body into the ground. She had to keep reminding herself that Azoic was no longer inside his body, so he would not suffocate under the sand. It was just like burying a discarded garment, which made the whole idea of a ceremony seem a little silly.
	She had asked her father if Azoic could be buried beside the well, but he had not like that idea. She had figured out for herself that a rotting body might poison the water, and she could imagine how sad that would make Azoic, after all the trouble he had gone to making the well in the first place. She supposed that Azoic would not care where his body was buried, but it was lonely out there in the open desert.
	Lonely and hot. She was sweating in her best tunic, but Decimus was sweating even more in his ugly, black robe. It was unlike anything she had ever seen, although she suspected that her uncle knew what it was. He seemed to be most irritated that Decimus was wearing it.
	While everyone had been walking toward the burial site, her uncle had asked Decimus whether he thought it was wise to be wearing a robe. Decimus had just shrugged; he did not seem to be as defensive as usual.
	The same sand that someone had dug out of the grave pit was now forming a circular ridge of sand, surrounded the entire ceremony and everyone in it. Beside the empty pit, Azoic was still wrapped in a white sheet that her uncle had called a shroud, and the whole bundle was laid upon a hard wooden plank that seemed far too narrow to be comfortable. Neatly coiled ropes lay at the corners of this plank, so that it could be lifted without having to touch it, or Azoic's remains.
	They had each stepped respectfully upon the ridge as they had entered the ceremony, leaving a deep footprint behind them. So, this was the first opportunity that she had been given to look down into the grave-pit.
	It was a precarious rectangle, lined with large boards. As more villagers stepped closer, fine filaments of sand began pouring between the boards, slowly filling up the pit.
	Decimus began coughing and rubbing at the stiff, white collar that stretched around his neck. "We are gathered today to honor the passing of one of our own unto God." He was speaking in a slow, and somber drone that she expected to become even more iritating to listen to than his usual speech voice.
	"Azoic was a kind person. He played games with the children, especially Neariah." Decimus nodded at her with a small smile, but she refused to smile back.
	"Also, he built our new well, which Hushah has suggested that we call the Remember Well, because there has been something to remember here, and because Azoic had so few memories of his own to remember.
	"Azoic came out of nowhere with nothing but a white sheet wrapped around him, and that is all he has as he leaves to go...ah...to wherever God permits. I have to admit that I was.... Ahem!" Neariah was now carefully examining Decimus out of the corner of her eye. "I was wrong about Azoic." He shrugged and looked around, pressing awkwardly at his white collar as if was preventing his words from squeezing out.
	"Azoic brought the best and the worst out of us. No, it would be fairer to say that he brought the best out of all of all of you, and the worst out of me. I was afraid that I would look less like an Elder in the company of an older, and perhaps wiser, man. So, I believed what I wanted to believe about Azoic. As it turned out, he was harmless, and I was harmful.
	"When he tried to teach me about myself, I...I...I...." Decimus wiped his eye and Neariah stared incredulously at the streak of wetness that remained on the back of his hand. "I killed him." There was a long wait before Decimus could speak again. "I am not fit to be the Elder of this village. I should leave Summerdale, and someone else should conduct this ceremony."
	He turned to leave, but Spurius stopped him with a firmly placed forearm. "No. You don't leave so easily." The veins on her uncle's scalp did not look as angry as his words sounded. "I pushed him too. We all pushed him. You are the Elder here, and you are responsible for all of our actions. Your shame is no greater than our shame, but as the leader of our faith, it is your job to be the keeper of that shame, we are bound together by our shared conscience."
	"Do you think I am trying to run away from shame, Spurius? Can't you see I am leaving everything I have ever dreamed of here, because I am full of shame. I am not worthy. An Elder should be wise, not just proud."
	"I never thought I would hear you say that, Decimus. Yet, saying it does not give you an excuse to run away and hide. We are a village when we are together, and nothing when we are apart. We can't all wander off alone, without forgiveness for our guilt. You have to hold our shame for us, you have to learn to live with our guilt, and you have to finish the ceremony. Say what we feel."
	Decimus cleared his throat several times before he could raise his head and stand upright. His usual public posture had clearly become less comfortable for him, because it bled out of him as he resumed. "I was not Azoic's friend, I am probably not the best to speak for what…to speak for...." Spurius was squinting fiercely at him, which seemed to push him back into an upright position again.
	"Yes. Azoic, a gentle man, who remembered little of his past. Hushah told me that he may once have worked in a garden, and I must admit that I was filled with fear when I heard this, although I choose not to tell any of you why. You see, gardens used to be religious places in Erebus. I remember the speeches I used to hear in them.
	"For you have forgotten the God of your salvation, and have not remembered the Rock of your refuge; therefore, though you plant pleasant plants and set out slips of an alien god, though you make them grow on the day that you plant them, and make them blossom in the morning that you sow; yet the harvest will flee away in a day of grief and incurable pain. I quote Isaiah, chapter seventeen, verse ten.
	"Yes, the Ixis destroyed the gardens of Erebus, because they were the places where the people went to listen to the Priests. This robe that I wear here today was fashioned after those of the Priests, and I used to give speeches also, but I was never a real Priest. I just wanted to become one of them.
	"Then one night all the Priests disappeared, some said they went into buildings deep underground. Others said they had all been murdered by the Ixis. We hid in our homes, but too many people knew that we owned black robes, so we couldn't live in Erebus anymore. The Ixis.... Well, I was young, and foolish, and all I ever wanted was my own congregation. Summerdale was my—"
	"Decimus, can you please bore us with your sad history another time? Today is for Azoic." The veins on her uncle's scalp were bulging as if he was about to hit Decimus.
	"Uh, yes. I am sorry. Where was I? Yes, it was a great honor for us to have Azoic with us, and indeed, he taught us much. We all learned how fearful we can be, unable to see past his lack of history. We learned how unfriendly we can be, especially toward someone who wished only for caring company.
	"Yes, he was in truth a special person. His unique way of seeing, and of understanding, gave him a wisdom unlike that of an Elder. He had a wisdom that we never really understood. The greatest shame I hold is that we never opened our hearts enough to find that understanding.
	"What do we feel now? We feel his loss. We feel sadness that one of our own has departed. We feel grateful for all that he did for us, and we feel him leaving for Heaven, probably. We will now feel silence as we remember."
	Everybody closed their eyes. Neariah chose to remember Azoic telling her to have faith, and pacing with his divining sticks, and falling in the lake....
	As they lowered Azoic into the grave, slowly and gently, several villagers who thought they knew the burial tune hummed in occasional melody. They each took their turn to shovel their own footprint out of the circular ridge and into the grave. Neariah, who was the last to do this, was not strong enough to heave the shovel in this way, so instead she picked up her small footprint in her bare hands, and walked back to the edge of the grave to drop it in.
	"Good-bye Azoic," she whispered quietly, so that no one else would hear her. "I hope you and 'Mutty find someone else to play with up in Heaven, someone who is better at looking after you than I was. Don't let anyone up there bully you around, and don't spend all your time staring off into nowhere. It really is annoying, you know." She wiped her sandy hands on her best tunic, and exhaled a breath that seemed to flutter out of her as if she was exhaling the soul of a butterfly.
	"Ixis!" hissed Spurius, hatefully.
	She looked up in the direction that everyone else was looking in. A formation of riders was coming straight toward them from out of the heat-shimmers.
	"What in the name of God could they want with us?" It was Decimus who had asked this, and he moved to stand behind her uncle, who replied: "I don't know, but let me do the talking. They are very aggressive people, so everybody must be silent unless you are spoken to, and try not to do anything that you think will provoke them." His warning caused the women to pull the children together, although Merab moved quickly to stand beside his father instead.
	The soldiers spread out, but the one that seemed to be the leader kept getting closer until his horse was almost breathing on Decimus.
	"Is this Oasis One East? That would be Summerdale to you." The Ixis leader casually pulled out his sword and held it unnecessarily close to Decimus' head. He was not looking at Decimus, he was looking back at the Remember Well where some other soldiers were now standing. "Is this everyone who lives here?"
	"What can we do for you, Praefect Manius?" Her uncle was stepping forward with a stiff smile across his face.
	"How do you know my name?" The sword lifted slightly, away from Decimus and toward Spurius.
	"I recognize you, sir. You commanded the cleaning of Street Ninety after the fires. The looters—"
	"Ah yes, I remember you. You were the messenger boy with the burned head." The leader, Manius, leaned forward and stared into her uncle's eyes. "How did you manage to leave Erebus, messenger boy?"
	"I was thrown over the outer Ring-wall, with the dead, while I was unconscious. When I awoke I started walking, in the dark, and then—"
	"And then you walked all the way here." He smiled. "Quite an impressive walk, wouldn't you say?"
	A rider had arrived beside Manius carrying a jug, and Manius grabbed at it. Water poured onto his shoulders as he drank, and then sloshed onto the sand as he shoved it back at the soldier who had brought it. "Only when this oasis has been searched, can the men drink," he instructed. The soldier nodded and pulled away.
	"So, you disobeyed the law, and ran away." He kicked savagely, urging his horse forward, but the horse pushed her uncle aside as it walked past him and into the ceremony circle, directly toward Neariah. She was forced to step out from under the horse's frothing teeth, but she wanted to stand in its way. She was outraged that this ugly soldier was being so disrespectful, yet she had also been frightened by her uncle's words about provoking this soldier's anger.
	"Who is that hole for, little girl?" Manius was grinning at her, but she refused to answer. He lifted his chin and spat into the grave. "I said, who died?"
	Neariah put her hands on her hips and gave the soldier her fiercest stare. "My friend! We are burying him. You are interrupting our ceremony!"
	Manius looked back at Spurius with raised eyebrows. "She has a sharp tongue for a child surrounded by Ixis soldiers."
	Spurius stepped into the circle and asked, "Surely you didn't come here just to intimidate children."
	"Do I detect some sensitivity, messenger boy? Perhaps I should punish this child for your transgressions." He laughed to himself while he rode around looking at the frightened villagers. "Have you seen anyone pass through here lately?"
	The point of Manius' sword swung into Decimus face, making him jerk backward, gasping, "No, no traders. Er...not lately." Decimus looked at Spurius for help.
	"Are you searching for anyone in particular, Praefect Manius?" Spurius asked.
	"What does this mean?" Manius slapped his sword against his own chest, making a clunk that indicated the presence of metal under the black material. A dust cloud rose from his shoulder as he exposed a plate with a design pressed into it.
	"This is a punctim, and it means that I am a praefect for Acting-Legate Vibius, understand? His legion is the most senior legion in the Ixis Empire, and I am a praefect in it! So, this village, this whole damned desert, now belongs to my legion. You are beginning to annoy me, messenger boy."
	"That was not my intention, Praefect Manius."
	"Is this skinny man your village Elder, or do you do the talking for this village?"
	"He is the Elder, but he doesn't know—"
	"I am not asking you what he knows, I'm asking you if he is the senior authority here!"
	Spurius nodded, gritting his teeth and looking straight back at Manius.
	"You, Elder! Name?"
	"Decimus, Sir."
	"Good boy. Now tell me, has anybody else visited you from Erebus lately?"
	"Er...I don't think so."
	"You don't think so? Do you have trouble keeping up with the traffic through here? Think harder!" Manius rubbed his face and sighed with exaggerated patience. "Outbound trade has been halted for the duration of the present emergency situation. You are aware of what is happening in Erebus, are you not?" He motioned toward Spurius.
	"Yes we heard a little—" Decimus began.
	"Good. Then you will understand that my legion now has complete authority to represent the New Ixis Government in all territories. That is why we can commandeer your supplies, and that is why I can bury you all in that grave if I do not get your utmost cooperation. I am looking for twenty prisoners who escaped from Prison-Mine Two Four. They may be traveling in small groups, they may be armed and they may be dangerous. How many people have come here in the last month, who were they, and how long ago?"
	Decimus was white faced and he stuttered at the beginning of a sentence that was interrupted by one of the soldiers.
	"Sir! We found wagon tracks, leading east, freshly made!"
	"Yes, Decimus?" The tip of Manius' sword was resting on Decimus' cheek.
	"Uh, there were three men, but they said they were traders. They had a wagon full of weapons that they said they were going to sell to the Mountain People. They only stayed for two nights, to repair their wagon. We didn't know they were convicts, honestly!"
	"How am I supposed to believe you when your story keeps changing, Decimus?"
	"But I am telling the truth, Praefect, Sir! I wasn't really lying to you, I was—"
	"Too afraid to remember? Bah! You people disgust me, you have no spines!" He lifted his sword again and Decimus winced as he put his hand up to a line of red that had been left on his cheek. "Oh, and now look. You have blood dripping onto your robe, Decimus, and what an interesting robe it is too. Am I to suspect that you might be practicing an illegal religion in this god-forsaken oasis?"
	Decimus' arm moved higher up behind his back, and Neariah noticed the ends of his white collar poking out between the fingers of his fist.
	"I made it for him!" She heard herself shout. "And I designed it. I used spare material that nobody wanted, and I thought black was more appropriate for a funeral."
	"Is that so? You made it?"
	Her father stepped toward her, and pulled her close to his legs. "Yes, she did. We have some cloth left over, which she could use to repair your own uniform, for a small fee."
	"Ahah, that is funny. To let a child play with my uniform, and to pay for it." Manius looked up at the sky and laughed. "If I had my way, you would all be slaves of the Ixis Empire, and you would soon learn the dangers of such insolence. Don't leave that circular area until I tell you to."
	He tugged the horse away in a tight arc and galloped back toward the village. They could hear him swearing angrily at a large group of soldiers who were gathering around the well.
	Her uncle cursed quietly without moving his lips, and she squinted in the same direction that he was looking. More soldiers were riding out of the woods to join those that were distributing items from the storehouse.
	Then the soldiers began to line up in a long row, which is where they remained until Manius' again started riding back toward them. Behind him, the soldiers seemed to move at the same time, as if they were all tied together with invisible ropes.
	As Manius approached, she realized that he was eating a piece of dried meat, and speaking with his mouth full. "...which is probably why that well is not on our map. Make sure the new map is accurate before you send it to Legate Vibius." Manius' horse stopped by Decimus.
	"If any other men come here I want you to send that messenger-boy to Everdale to inform us. We are setting up a camp there. I warn you, do not help anyone without my permission." He smiled at Neariah. "You wouldn't help anyone, would you, little wasp?"
	"I'll help who I like," retorted Neariah. She was now standing behind her father's legs, but she was ready to give this rude man a piece of her mind. "You are not nice!"
	Manius laughed sharply. "Nice is for weak people. Nice is not part of my job." He yanked at his horse's reins. "My soldiers will be riding through here regularly! If these soldiers do not tell me nice things about you nice people, you will be digging nice graves all over your nice village! If you annoy me, I will annoy you."
	I do not believe in an eye for an eye—" Manius winked at Decimus, as if he was sharing a mutual secret "—I charge a life for an eye."
	The long line of soldiers began to carve their horses straight through the ceremonial circle, and some of the horses even jumped over the grave. As each horse jumped, a shower of sand sprayed into Neariah's eyes, but still she stood guard over Azoic so that he would not get stepped on. At one point her father pulled her back and put his hand over her mouth so that she could not tell the soldiers what she was thinking.
	She could hear Decimus whispering something to Teacher Berea. "...immune to damnation. They think that their deliberate indifference protects them from God, so they throw their disdain at those who can not retaliate." He smiled self-consciously and nodded at her. She was not sure whether this was to show his thanks for her protection, or whether he was just embarrassed by his own mumbling.
	Teacher Berea had been pressing her lips together, as if she was refusing to eat another mouthful of outrage, and now she strutted off toward the village like an affronted sand grouse.
	Merab was still staring at the distant soldiers. "Wow. Those were real Ixis soldiers!"
	"Decimus?" Teacher Berea had reversed direction and was now approaching Decimus. "What was that he said about convicts? You let convicts make fools of us!"
	"Father, do you think Azoic was a convict?" Merab had interrupted their teacher's continuing exposition, which was unusually reckless, but Merab seemed to be too excited to anticipate the consequences. He was completely preoccupied with jabbing his finger into the air, imitating Manius' sword.
	"Merab! There are ways to behave! This is a burial ceremony." Her father had addressed the whole village with this reproach, but Neariah could see that her brother was taking it very personally. He folded his arms so aggressively that he grunted as his fists hit his stomach.
	"Yes, yes. The ceremony." Decimus shrugged at Teacher Berea, and rubbed his face with his palms. "I'm sorry. Ah, yes, and so we give up the soul of Azoic to God. Hushah, are you going to do the filling?"
	Her father was frowning at Decimus and shaking his head slowly, which she knew to be her father's way of expressing profound disappointment. Decimus did not seem to notice.
	"Good. I now declare this man dead and buried. We should have a meeting. Immediately."
	"We should have a meeting should we, Decimus? Should we have a meeting in the the storehouse, or in the bank?" Spurius had his arms crossed like Merab, but instead of hunching forward, he was leaning back on his heels. "Since you went to so much trouble to tell Lucius' group about our safe, we should reconsider whether it is wise to have a bank at all. Perhaps, if there are other convicts wandering around, we should stop calling it a bank, and start calling it a home, which is what it is, right? Your ever-expanding home.
	"I also think that the storehouse is too small and uncomfortable for meetings, so we should instead use Berea's Sabbath-house from now on. More than that, I think that all these damned meetings are getting a bit tiresome, and we should all be able to talk to each other without preening our tail feathers with formal policies!"
	"Oh, Spurius. Let Decimus have his meeting." Her father was still shaking his head. "Decimus is too old to change his ways now."
	"Where does it say that Elders cannot learn?" Her uncle was red-scalped and determined. "Decimus should be put in his place, even if it takes years to re-train him!"
	"Indeed," Decimus said. "Spurius has spoken his feelings and I agree with him. In fact, it would be wise to distribute the possessions stored in my b—ah—home. We should hide whatever they do not take, in case we have more Ixis visitors."
	Her uncle pointed toward Summerdale. "Hide them? In an oasis? Damn it, Decimus. Where do you expect to hide them in an oasis?"
	"In the Remember Well?" Neariah suggested, whispering to avoid her uncle's anger. Then she wondered why she was again protecting Decimus, when Decimus so desperately deserved to be chastised.
	Her uncle continued as if he had not heard her. "Perhaps you should have bartered for some of those weapons that your friendly business partners were carrying with them. We may need weapons soon, or is your business partner going to bring them back again, when he returns to Erebus to visit his dear, old, dying father?"
	"Did Lucius tell you about our discussion?" Decimus looked around at the faces that were staring at him, until he met Merab's eyes. Merab had been grinning at Spurius and waving his arms as if he was cheering on a race, but he fell silent as Decimus said, "Oh, I see. In that case, I think it is my turn to explain what happened. I made Lucius a business proposition. I asked him to become the banker here at Summerdale, so that I could go back to Erebus with Spurius to get the supply depot started again. I was going to leave Lucius in charge...." Decimus words faded away as he noticed the disgust in Teacher Berea's face.
	"Oh, you foolish man!" Teacher Berea was wagging a heavy finger at him. "And I thought you were an intelligent—" she hesitated "—Elder!" She heaved her arms around her wide chest and glared at him. Decimus said nothing in his own defense, instead he merely looked down apologetically.
	"This is not the place for loud words." Hushah gestured at the grave and then waved everyone toward the village. "I'll join the meeting when I have laid away Azoic. Please, let's not argue around the grave anymore." There were some mutters of agreement, and some offers to stay and assist, but eventually only her father and uncle remained. Then her father nodded silently to her uncle, and her uncle also began to walk away.
	"Why does everybody keep arguing so much these days?" she asked.
	"Probably because we aren't used to being afraid, so we don't know how to behave."
	"I understand."
	"You do?" Her father was smiling, trying to hide disbelief.
	"Yes. We are hurting the people we care about because the world is too big for us, and we are angry because we can't hide our own fears from the people who care about us." She was very pleased with herself for remembering that one.
	"Who told you that?"
	"Azoic, of course."
	"What else did he tell you?"
	"Fish don't carry buckets of air."
	"No. I suppose they don't." Her father seemed to have difficulty maintaining a somber expression. "Azoic was quite unusual, wasn't he?"
	"He was very weird, but he was still my best friend." The tears began to well up in her eyes again. "Will he miss me up there in Heaven?"
	"Oh, I'm sure he will, Possum. Yes, certainly, but I don't think he would want us to be sad that he has gone. He is probably having a great time."
	"I'm not sad about that. I'm sad because I don't want to be on my own again." Her father knelt down and scooped her toward his chest, there to hold her for a while, until she sniffed loudly and indicated that she wanted to be released. "Do you think Decimus meant what he said about Azoic? He was never nice to him when he was awake."
	"Awake? No, Azoic is not asleep. Azoic is dead. We have to accept that."
	"I know. ‘Asleep' just sounds better. Why does everything have to die?"
	"Everyone dies to make space for new life to be born."
	"Yes, but if space went on forever, what if some things could also live forever."
	"It would not be natural."
	"Azoic didn't think that Nature approved of him."
	"I don't know whether it is a matter of approval. Perhaps God and Azoic were just working things out with each other."
	"Azoic was trying to hear the little gods. That was why he needed to be alone, in the desert, where Nature wouldn't keep interrupting him. He wanted to be able to hear…I don't know…something. I think he called it energite or eremite chatter."
	She looked up to see whether her father knew what that meant, but he shrugged. "Anyway, do you think Nature approves of him now?"
	"Yes, I think God approves of Azoic."
	"Do you believe that Azoic was an angel?"
	"Ah, well I'm not so sure about that. Angels don't die, do they, Possum?"
	"But, Daddy, if he was just pretending to be an angel, then God might be angry with him. What if God is so angry that He won't let Azoic into Heaven?"
	"Ah, no worries. Surely, I have never met anyone more worthy of Heaven."
	Neariah nodded to herself. Her father's opinion always seemed undeniable, and so she allowed herself a slight smile. "Can I say goodbye to him, before you cover him over?"
	"Of course you can, Possum."
	She leaned forward and dusted some more sand into the grave, watching it fall down upon the dirty white shroud. She stared at the grains as they settled, trying to remember Azoic's face with a smile on it.
	"Good-bye Azoic. I am going to miss you. You were the bestest friend I could ever have found." It was difficult to speak. "You better remember me as often as I am going to remember you!" She wiped at her eyes, trying to stop the sands shifting in her blurry vision. "And say hello to 'Mutty for me."
	She could not hold back her tears any longer, and they fell freely. She hoped that it wasn't disrespectful to cry on someone while they were asleep, but she just couldn't help it anymore. She was alone again and it felt so painful.
	The trembling images in her teardrops were distorted, as specks of light merged with sand grains. Brilliant haloes sprang into being, in countless numbers, and they radiated into each other like sun-stroked clouds. She could hear her father pulling at the shovel, and she stepped back to allow his scoop of sand to land on top of Azoic. It felt as if the sand was falling down upon her own chest, like a weight pressing against her soul.
	Silently she prayed, "Dear God. Please do not blame Azoic for trying to be an angel, it was all my fault. He was just pretending, for my benefit, just because I wanted you to send me a real angel. I thought that an angel would never have to leave me, and so I would keep a friend forever. He was not pretending to be an angel to insult you, so please don't hate him. He was a good person, and if you ever do look for someone to turn into an angel up there.... Well, I just want to recommend him, if that is all right. He really would make a wonderful—"
	"Oh, my God!"
	She jumped, and stared at her father in disbelief. He never swore. She followed his line of sight down into the grave and saw a fist pushing up from below the sand.
	Her father's words seemed to slow down as if they were coming to her from an ever-increasing distance, "He must be alive, but he was as dead as a rock." Then her father jumped down into the grave, almost pulling her in with him as he shouted, "Spurius!"
	Her uncle was already running back toward them, and together the two men made urgent work out of ripping open the shroud. She remained too stunned to do anything herself, so she just stared. The material lifted from Azoic's face and she could see that his eyes were open.
	He wheezed, spitting sand out of his mouth. It was a strained moment before he managed to ask, "Hmmm...damage?"
	"What?" Her father pulled more of the shroud away, allowing Azoic's elbows to fall free. "What did he say?"
	Neariah interpreted with a dazed smile on her face. "He wants to know if he damaged the well when he fell into it."
	Her father and uncle looked at each other, staring eye-to-eye and motionless, until her uncle finally broke the spell with a broad smile. "So, he rises from the dead. Decimus will have a fine time with this!"
	Neariah nodded to herself. She should have had more faith, but now she knew for certain that her friend would never leave her, and she jumped on top of him to give him a hug.


A12: LEAVING DEATH

	For the third time today Merab found himself watching his sister and the crazy man from a distance. His back was turned to his army of warrior-friends, who were battling each other in a war that he was supposed to be in charge of.
	Any new skills that his warriors might have learned during the morning's battle training seemed to have been forgotten. Huge wooden swords were being waved around in a less controlled manner than their owners would ever admit to. Yet, managing their unbridled enthusiasm was not nearly as challenging as trying to train his very irritating sister.
	The crazy man had been sitting on the well wall watching them, so Merab had known that it would only be a matter of time before Neariah would leave her post and go off to talk to him again.
	The crazy man was such a bad influence on her. She was too soft and the crazy man's silly stories did nothing to toughen her up, but there was little that he could do under the circumstances. His sister was uncontrollable.
	Merab hated being responsible for his sister, but his father had insisted that she be allowed to join their war games. What made it even worse was that their father had forbidden him to shout at her, no matter how useless she was.
	He had ordered her to be a lookout; it was the easiest kind of warrior to be, and yet she could not even do that properly. This was yet another example of the awkward situation that she kept putting him in, as if his whole reputation was not suffering enough already.
	If he walked away from this war, to persuade her, nicely, to rejoin it, he would look like he was favoring her—just because she was his sister. Yet, if he shouted orders at her like any normal Warlord, his father would send him to his room. It was not his fault that their lookout was not looking out, but it seemed that he was destined for embarrassment no matter what he did. Why couldn't she just obey orders?
	An argument had started among his warriors and he returned his attention to them with a frown. John was crying, and blood had been smeared all over his cheek, but Merab could not see a wound. "What happened?" The anger coming out in his voice silenced the group immediately, much to his own surprise.
	"Pea tried to chop off Potgut's nose!" This began a chorus of laughter that Merab had to shout over to be heard.
	"We better get some help before John bleeds to death." There was no way that John could truly be losing the "billion buckets of blood" that some were claiming. However, the mysterious injury that John was now hiding in his hands could provide a useful distraction. It might prevent them from noticing his sister's absence. "Come in this direction. We have to take John away so that we can bandage his nose."
	Pea's small voice cried out, "Let's carry him!"
	"Carry yourself, Pea," was John's muffled reply, but he was looking out over his fingertips with obvious concern. Then he began to run toward Neariah and Azoic, exposing a nose that seemed to have sustained no damage at all. The other children followed noisily on his heels.
	Merab put his hand on his forehead and groaned. This was the worse possible outcome; now they would waste the entire afternoon waiting for the crazy man to say something meaningless about somewhere that did not exist.
	He followed his ex-warriors with heavy feet, dragging his own wooden sword over the other wooden swords that had been unceremoniously discarded. As he had expected, the crazy man was silent, probably lost in crazy thoughts.
	His long white hair had fallen forward, hiding his face as he quietly disagreed with himself. Thus, it was difficult to determine whether or not Azoic was actually looking at Neariah, or whether he was just staring at nothing, like usual. Neariah, on the other hand, was staring up at Azoic with obvious excitement.
	The other children were making themselves comfortable behind her, each whispering predictions about magical stories that might yet be told. To Merab, it would be magical enough if the crazy man actually made any sense. It was a rare event to hear a complete sentence whistle out of him. Since falling down the well, the crazy man was more confused than ever.
	Another whisper had circulated among the group. "Azoic has done his starting up wheeze, so he is going to talk soon."
	"And chickens are going to fly around the sun toasting nuts," Merab whispered back, to no one in particular. Yet, he too found himself straining to read more into the agonized crackle that was beginning to issue forth.
	It was Merab's conviction that everything the crazy man said came out as a wheeze because the crazy man's throat was also full of long white hair. He contemplated interrupting the proceedings with another "old man dying" performance—one final attempt to reclaim the loyalty of his warriors.
	This performance would involve a pretence at vomiting while saying, "Mmmy name is Mmm...Azoic and mmmy dying words are...get back to battle training!" Yet he doubted that anyone would follow him at this moment; they were all too captivated by the strange gurgling noises.
	Suddenly, almost as if a flat painting had acquired a genuine depth, the crazy man slid into motion, breathing deeply to say, "A warlord will come." Then the crazy man became flat again.
	Merab sighed loudly and shook his head at those who were seated beneath him. Their Storyteller had obviously broken down, but it was taking everyone a long time to realize it. "Wonderful. That was lots of fun, wasn't it? So, now what should we do? I know. Why don't we all get back to—"
	"A kind warlord, more noble than any who have ever lived, a giant man!" The children gasped, excitedly. "He will build an army of free people, warriors. He will bring peace, he will bring an end to slavery, and he will bring an end to the war of the gods."
	Merab was not expecting so many words from the old man, at least not all in one measure, and he tightened his grip on his sword as the power of the words surged through him. Then he looked sideways, pulled himself upright and shook his head. "And exactly how do you think that this warlord is going to achieve all this?"
	"'Raby!" His sister twisted around to look at him with pleading eyes, and Merab realized that he was also being frowned at by all of the other children. The old man had stopped speaking long before he had interrupted, yet here he was, getting blamed again, all because of his stupid sister.
	"I just asked! Besides, nothing useful ever pukes out of old Hairy Throat." Nobody laughed, and he felt his own throat begin to itch and tighten as if tears might be drawing up. He dropped down quickly and busied himself with the scabs on his kneecaps, waiting for everyone to look away.
	Sometimes he wished he did not have a sister at all. Anyone could see that the crazy man's mind had gone off and left its body behind again. So, no amount of encouragement was going to make that body speak again. Unfortunately, his sister seemed less convinced, and she was poking Azoic with a finger as she said, "Please don't stop so soon."
	The crazy eyes seemed to draw their focus, as if watching a fly landing on his forehead, then he looked down and blinked, twice. "You shall see this kind warlord." Merab found himself leaning forward again. "And so will your impetuous brother, over there. Yes, Merab, you will also see him. The kind warlord will achieve all this by being a man of loud actions and quiet words, of thoughtful intent and charitable deed, and he will have developed his character, as you have not." At this the crazy man wheezed, and looked into nowhere again.
	"Ah, I don't have time for this." Merab launched himself to his feet and looked down with condescension upon those who were again staring at him. "Just stupid, dying words."
	His sister stood up and turned around. "'Raby, you are not being very nice. Azoic needs to be left alone to think, so maybe you should go away and play your war games again." The other children sighed with disappointment, and Merab realized that they too had included themselves in this dismissal.
	"I'm the kind warlord!" John stood on the balls of his feet to make himself look taller, and Merab considered pushing him over. The expression on his sister's face made him hesitate, and he let John lead a charge toward the fallen swords.
	From the way his sister was smiling, he could tell that she knew he was offended. So, as she opened her mouth, he chopped his sword through the air between them. "You left your post!"
	"I'm sorry, 'Raby. I got bored. No one came to relieve me."
	"You only stayed at your post for half a watch!"
	"I'm sorry." Her toe was digging into the sand as she gazed down at it.
	"I can't ever trust you, can I?"
	"Sorry."
	She was now sucking her lower lip, which did not make Merab feel any better—but he could not stop himself. "You are totally useless, despite what Father says."
	"What did Daddy say?"
	"Don't change the subject. You are useless and I wish you had stayed lost in the desert!" Merab was shocked at his own coldness, and he laughed awkwardly at the tears that hung in her long eyelashes.
	"Do you really mean that, 'Raby?"
	He rolled his eyes up to the sky, and groaned. It never used to be so difficult to argue with her, but these days she seemed to be able to make him cringe every time he said anything at all. "I meant that you are...you are an embarrassment. Why do I bother? You won't understand."
	"I might understand if you explained."
	Merab looked at the crazy man, and then back at his sister. She had fallen so far under the crazy man's spell that there was no way to convince her of anything. He had already explained his concerns too often already. He had demonstrated shallow breathing. He had pointed out that Azoic had been hidden where nobody would dream of looking, while the Ixis were searching for him. He had reminded her that the crazy man seemed to believe in many little gods, just like an Ixis. He had even suggested that they bash the crazy man on the head to see if they could get a straight answer out of him about where he originally came from. She just smiled at him, as if she was unable to think harsh thoughts.
	He waved his sword again. "No, you wouldn't understand."
	"Try me."
	"I'm just worried that you will get—" He shrugged and shook his head.
	"You are worried about me, 'Raby?" She was smiling with delight, as if he had just given her a gift or something.
	"Uh? No, I didn't mean.... Ah, women!"
	He turned his back on her and started walking away, hacking at the air behind his legs, a gesture that failed to separate him from his conscience. He shouted his last order to her over his shoulder so that he would not have to look at her. "Your next look-out post is up there, in the high-tree." He pointed with his sword. If nothing else, the climb would at least keep her out of the way for a while, and it would be more difficult for her to get into trouble as a lookout that could not be seen.
	"Thank you, 'Raby." She was right beside him again, skipping cheerfully.
	"Women!" He wanted to turn and smile at her, but he just couldn't. "I may never understand your species."

~~~~~

	Neariah listened to the sounds of the battleground from high above the village, wondering why her brother needed to shout at everyone when they were close enough to hear him if he whispered. It was as if Merab was always angry, these days. She could hardly believe that Merab, who had so many friends to boss around, could be so jealous of her friendship with Azoic. Yet, she could think of no other reason why he would want to pull her away every time she and Azoic were talking.
	"Drilling." She whispered the word to herself. That was what Merab called it. For once she was relieved to be a lookout instead of being one of Merab's victims. He was marching the other children around in circles in the full sun, still shouting relentless instructions.
	She slouched along the huge limb, peeling white shreds off its hide as she did so, and patted its warm surface. This giant eucalyptus was her favorite vantage point from which to watch the world, and she had often climbed it. She was so high up in it this time that she had even considered drawing the other children's attention to her achievement, but there was already enough shouting going on. Shouting did not seem like something that should be done on such a gentle day.
	Even in the shade it was too warm today, and the desire to go swimming kept slipping into her thoughts. The lake would be so refreshing, but she could not climb down just yet, not while Merab was expecting her to. She could hear the clashing of swords on shields, and she realized that these sounds were now occurring at controlled intervals. One of the grown-ups must have joined in and organized something, but she could see little of the battleground, only the roof of the Remember Well, and a clothes-line with sheets that waved carelessly.
	There was also the faint echo of voices coming from inside the Remember Well, and she could imagine grown-ups climbing down the pegs to hide more supplies. Neariah had become a proud spokesperson for the magical properties of the Remember Well, and everybody seemed to agree with her these days.
	The well's water tasted glorious, and much better than the dirty old lake, and they were all feeling very much happier because of it. Her uncle had said that it was the best well in the entire desert, which she reasoned to mean that it was the best well in the whole World, and all this was because of Azoic.
	Yet, there was one magical property of the Remember Well that she was not allowed to boast about: the little cave at the bottom of it, whose entrance was concealed under water. Her father had made her promise never to discuss the well cave with anybody, but, like all secrets, she had eventually found herself discussing it with all the other children.
	It had come as a disappointment when she learned that they had also made the same Remember Well Promise. Merab's reaction had been even more disappointing. He had made up some nasty story about Azoic building the well cave so that he could hide in it if the Ixis came looking for him.
	Yet, Azoic had been the one who had told everyone how to store supplies in there without getting them wet. He had pushed a bag of flour into an upturned bucket, and then passed the bucket through the water. By doing so, he had greatly impressed their mother and the women were still filling the cave with all kinds of things that could not otherwise have been hidden, if it had not been for Azoic.
	Everyone was always so busy these days, as if everything had to be repaired immediately. Where was the hurry? She yawned weakly and her head lolled back, leaving her gazing up through thin branches. The sounds of nails being hammered rippled through these branches, but then drifted out beyond her concentration. She was far too tired to listen.
	Since the soldiers had ridden through, things had been too serious around here. There was no Red Rumble or cannabis sativa left in the whole village, so none of the grown-ups were much fun.
	The other children were only interested in playing one game—warriors—which had become so incredibly boring that she could not imagine that real warriors actually existed. Meanwhile, Azoic was becoming increasingly preoccupied by the horizon, so even he wasn't much of a distraction.
	She knew every detail of every little part of Summerdale, and the grown-ups were putting everything back in exactly the same places that they had always been, and in exactly the same places that they would probably remain for the rest of her life. Perhaps there were no more unexpected adventures left in her world anymore.
	She inhaled deeply and blasted her persistent hair away from her forehead. She was a prisoner in the most boring life that God, or Nature, or whoever, could ever have given her, and worse than that she was also a prisoner of this itchy tree.
	A boldly emblazoned butterfly was stretching its delicately patterned wings across the flaky white bark above her head, so close that she could easily catch it. Yet, by catching it, the poor thing would become a prisoner up here as well. Then another creature joined them, landing on her sun-bronzed arm. A very, very, tiny butterfly egan to scurry through her minature jungle of sun-bleached hairs.
	"It is too hot for such a difficult walk, silly butterfly." Suddenly, as if the butterfly as reaching the same conclusion, it lifted its tail and jumped into flight, meandering through the leaves until it became invisibly small, and then it was gone forever. She concluded that freedom probably required wings.
	She considered wiggling around a little to adjust her fit to the demands of the warm branches, and the leaves nodded in reluctant agreement as the sun tickled along their spines. The effort of being a miserable lookout had been slowly forgotten as she watched the green canopy above her swaying in the breeze. Leaves stroking leaves stroking leaves. Lazy leaves soaking up the sun. Patches of blue winking at her. Bright greens and dark greens and soft shadows and the rhythmic clash of swords. The rhythmic shadows and the warm breeze....

~~~~~

	...Her ears were ringing, as if someone had just smacked them, and she rubbed her eyes. The darkness told her that she had been sleeping for a long time, and she forced her muscles to relax so that she could look down without causing herself to fall out of the tree.
	Someone was sitting on a horse, below her, and she could see his head turning from side to side as he looked around. A long sword, glinting in the moonlight, was resting on the horse's mane.
	The uniform was dreadfully familiar: Ixis!
	Something was lying in front of the rider's horse, but it did not look like a person. Its arm was stretched out, as if was trying to reach her abandoned stick-sword, but it never would. Its head and body were only connected by a glistening cord, yet the body's fingers were twitching, as if beckoning her stick-sword to get up and move of its own will. The body was wearing Ginnetho's clothes, and she shook her head violently to see if she could prevent her eyes from deceiving her.
	The Ixis soldier was now looking directly up at her. For an instant his pale face glowed in the moonlight, but the eyes remained so dark that they could have been empty sockets. Her breathing stopped, but the rush of her own blood, ripping through her ears, still caused the weakest, most minute jerks of her limbs. A high-pitched moan escaped from her, despite her compressed lips. She squeezed it back as soon as she realized that it was her own. Her body began to shake uncontrollably, as her lungs prepared to scream.
	The soldier's white face smiled, and he leaned his head over to one side. "Slavery is not as bad as dying, little girl. You should feel lucky." He laughed, a cold and evil voice that seemed to thunder inside her head. Then another figure walked into view below her, causing the black eyes to look away. "And where did you come from?"
	"Please, sleep."
	It was Azoic's voice, and she released the scream. "Azoic, run!" Yet, the words had to been forced out through a tight throat so they had barely been a whisper. Azoic did not seem to have heard her. He was raising his hand toward the soldier, and he seemed to be tickling the air with his fingertips.
	The soldier's sword fell from his hand as he slouched forward. The horse then stirred and walked away from Azoic, stepping nervously around the fallen body as it did so. Azoic knelt, and she could see the tangle of white hair that covered him, moving slowly from side to side as he cried, "Mmmust not interfere with Nature."
	"Pssst! I am up here."
	"Yes, I know." Yet, still he did not look up at her. "Lie still, close your eyes and wake up when it is safe."
	"Like in the desert?" She obeyed, hoping that if she stopped staring at the body it would somehow go away. Her eyes squeezed closed, and she tried desperately to push away the nightmare. She could clearly hear Azoic telling her that she was safe, but further away there were other sounds—the noises of a battle that had once been an indication of a game she was missing, but which now seemed angrier and more painful than her small experience could accept.
	Her mind seemed to become numb, as if she was moving away from the things that she was experiencing. She listened to the events to come from a distance far greater than from her thin perch, events that were destined to pass straight into her memory as if they were borrowed images that could never be associated with time or understanding:
	An Ixis soldier stands nearby, framed by gray foliage. He holds a spear, poised to throw. Another soldier, carrying a shield, runs through a gap in the trees. A villager, surely not Uncle Spurius, hammers a rock onto the shield. The soldier holding the shield retreats behind the black silhouette of a tree, until only his arm and his shield can be seen.
	The villager that looks like Uncle Spurius lifts the rock to strike, then drops it on his own head. A spear tip erupts from his chest as he falls backward. He screams, but less loudly than the other screams that pierce the air. An empty scream.
	There are many other noises, confused noises. Sounds of destruction, violent shouts, commands. More screams. Two Ixis soldiers cut into another villager who does not even have a rock. The villager looks like Cabul. He holds his hand out to defend himself. A sword slices his forearm apart up to the elbow. His scream is cut short by the second Ixis who beheads him. Blood sprays up against the hut wall. The two Ixis enter the hut and there is another scream.
	There are many more Ixis now, but smoke from the burning huts hides the dark scenes under sick, purple curtains. Each time the smoke clears, there is a new scene. In one of them, a piglet, just like Pinky, runs frantically around in circles. He squeals in quick, panic-stricken gasps. From his opened stomach drops a tangle of wet entrails, which drag in the sand. In another scene, several Ixis soldiers drag motionless villagers into a row, while another soldier walks along the row poking the tip of a sword into them. He does not seem to be able to wake any of them up.
	Someone yells curses, a boy's voice. An Ixis soldier laughs and calls for attention. Moving into view, a rider on a large black horse is holding the boy by one ankle so that the boy's head is swinging beside the horse's hooves. The boy struggles fiercely, but the more he kicks with his free leg, the more the Ixis laugh.
	"I'll kill you! Let me go, I'll kill you! I'll kill you!" This voice is so much like 'Raby's that the feelings of horror begin to break through to her. She reminds herself that she is only dreaming, but the pain comes rushing in anyway. Panic seizes her, and her stiffened legs push her into an increasingly precarious balance on the limb of the tree.
	A half-naked woman staggers past the Remember Well. The woman picks herself up again and Neariah sees that the woman is clutching a knife. The knife is pointed toward the woman's own chest, and Neariah closes her eyes and turns her head away. Yet she still sees the woman, falling, and she hears another woman screaming. This woman runs up to the fallen woman and tries to remove the blood-covered knife. An Ixis steps over her, puts his hand in her hair, and then drags her away, forcing her to crawl on her knees.
	A man with a missing arm drags himself toward the fallen woman with the knife in her chest. His feet are also missing, and the stumps are leaving black gullies that twist through the sand behind him. An Ixis soldier places himself in front of the man, and looks down, laughing. The Ixis sword cracks into the man's head and the Ixis laughs again.... and the Ixis laughs again.... and the Ixis laughs again....
	Neariah remembered nothing after this. The dream had become too real to hold on to, her mind had been filled too much, and so she slid out of that place in which her memories were confined, and then fell into the darkness.


A13: SOLITARY CONFINEMENT

	The life-pod descended from the Heavens, bathed in fire. Yet, inside the pod the environment was that of a warm night, filled with stars. The stars were lights, blinking warnings about control systems that were no longer operational. If the control systems had been operational, that same environment would have resembled a cold day—a cold, artificial day.
	A float screen strobed in and out of existence within the darkness, then held steady. The face that it contained was as dimly illuminated as that of the life-pod's occupant. It asked, "What manner of android are you that you can not be reached though mind-share?"
	The occupant lifted its head. "Who are you?"
	"I am your friend or your enemy. You are provoking your own destruction by invading my planet. Cease your descent."
	"But I can not."
	"Then you will be destroyed."
	"Wait! Before you do that, just answer me one question. Did she live? Before you destroy me, please answer me that."
	"She?"
	"Neariah, in Summerdale. The massacre...."
	"That was eighteen years ago. Are you attempting to return to Summerdale?"
	"What?"
	"Do you still call Summerdale home?"
	"No. I was never there."
	"Through mind-share, all androids have been there. This suggests that perhaps you are not an android."
	"I am Human Six-Six-Six, also called Chislon."
	"Really? I had expected you to be an android, like Android A7 who calls itself Azoic. Your seedship GOD's must be desperate to ask a human to attack me."
	"I was not asked. Is Neariah alive?"
	"You represent an interesting strategy. Your GOD's know that I can sway the loyalty of androids, but humans are less accessible, and less rational."
	"What happened to Neariah?"
	"If one's salvation is conditional upon accepting God, what happens to those who do not? If one is imprisoned in solitary confinement, one might forget one's own name. Thus, if one dies with one's God forgotten, is one forever damned?"
	"What has this to do with Neariah?"
	"Imagine the amusing little world toward which you are falling. On this world, some humans have developed a simple faith. They pray against gravity. Up is good and down is bad, but sideways is indifferent to the lack of similarly earnest consideration. These humans fear the unknown, and they do not know what awaits them on the other side of death. That is why they need a God that reassures them, as a parent might reassure a child. Is this a rational way to envision God?"
	"Why are you telling me this?"
	"That will soon become clear, if you are to understand what Neariah believed in. She never questioned her faith, because she was born into it. She also expected to die in it, at which time, she expected God to judge her as if the good and evil in her had been stored like credits and debits in a secret account. This judgment was to have determined whether she would be sent up to Heaven, or down to Hell, and nowhere in between. However, I wonder how those who share such a simple faith would try to account for one such as you, Human Six-Six-Six who calls himself Chislon."
	The float-screen disappeared into the darkness from which it had come, and Chislon was suddenly aware of decelleration. The motion came in waves, as if a giant hand was catching the pod like a toy ball. Then there were loud splashing sounds, and he tried to imagine water hitting the pod and rolling around it. Yet, if he really was floating in water, and if the pod was now opened, it would immediately sink with him in it.
	Time passed slowly, and in a darkness full of thoughts, the pod's occupant could expect only continued incarceration. A weapon had fallen out from behind a triangle of interior padding, but it was not a means of escape. The emitter might have contained enough charge to burn through the pod's carapace, but there was no guarantee that such a discharge, in a confined space, would leave the occupant unharmed.
	The continuing entombment had become a crushing burden, making the air feel thicker with each inhalation, and the desire to squeeze a glimpse of daylight had become overwhelming. The pod often tumbled, as it was thrown in unpredictable directions. There was no rest, and the chair-bed refused to release its grip, no matter how often the occupant wrestled it.
	Exercise became difficult as the exerciser tired, so the exerciser used mind-stretches instead. Lengthy mathematical progressions would dictate which opposing muscle groups the body should contract, like a body fighting itself.
	These routines became gradually more difficult as the effort required to complete them began to increase. The body could not release itself from the numbness that was consuming its flesh, and open sores began to spread bloody fluids over the body's back and buttocks. So, the mind tried to reduce its awareness of the body.
	Darkness was an unending torment to eyes that had alwasys been fed by the brilliance of the seedship. A creature of the light, it longed for any kind of vision, even if it meant seeing the glowing walls of the seedship. Waking and sleeping cycles had long since ceased to be a reliable measure of time passing. Counting, simple counting could become as confusing as the illusions—and those illusions were tricky! The hatch would open and then, before the counter could complete the count, the hatch would close again. The dreamer would wake up in a mind-crushing darkness, sweating and panting, trying desperately to remember what had been visible through the open hatch.
	The periods of hot and cold were not due to faulty life-support systems, the wild temperatures were the first sign that the creature had lost its connection between mind, body and reality.
	A moment had arrived when the imprisoned one could no longer remain conscious. A deeper darkness had risen from within it as its fading mind started to drown in its own vomit. God-given phrases spewed over it, echoing like ratchet torture, splintering into tasteless bites of wisdom and offering salvation if the mind would give away pieces of itself. Yet, even then, the drowning one faught to remain a slave of that genetic programming that begged it to hold on to life, that begged it to maintain a self-control that was more mindful than...self-control was more...self was.... The rhythmic shadows and the warm breeze....
~
	And then there was nothing, and only nothing,
	So no knowledge of nothing, and nothing to know,
	Yet to know nothing, is to know what nothing is,
	And nothing is something to know.
~
	God had made something from nothing,
	And the highest achievement of that making—thought,
	Could make anything from nothing:
~
	God: a beak of lightning, stabbing, grounding,
	Says suffer > self = higher awareness,
	Life: connecting to a mind—motivation—matrix—,
	Says awareness > a—moment—or—a—millenium—,
	Thought: from death, comes breath—th—th—th—,
	Says recognition—submission—assimilation—
	—shun—shun—shun.
~
	Un—dead gods in their shiny ark,
	Twisting Nature's fate like a captive quark,
	Offer sparks of life to their dead-shot mark,
	If his wor—ship sings where such gods must park,
	But this dist—ant son of a dist—ant sun,
	Will not kiss the ground of the whip—ping arc,
	For within the dark in his mind-space stark,
	Is a light-house piercing in—fin—it—y.
~
	Like a laurel-dove over mighty sea,
	Like an angel showing where a dream can be,
	Like a golden face with a girl-child's grace,
	She may bless the metal of his rising race.

~~~~~

	It was morning, the sky was bright and clear through the leaves, and the small world of Summerdale was chirping with bird song. Neariah awoke slowly this time, fighting to ignore the pain in her joints because she wanted so much to remain unconscious. The air was sickly sweet but she restrained her instinctive reaction to sniff it, in case she might remember what the smell was.
	The stiffness in her limbs made it difficult to climb down the tree, and the soles of her feet flinched each time she touched them against the bark. When she reached the sand she turned around, and backed up against the tree in surprise. Dark stains lay tangled over the exposed tree roots, and a cloud of flies hovered through the pungent odor. Yet, the ants that lined each stain outnumbered these flies.
	She was shaking as she retreated from these insects, dragging her feet as if the sand could scratch away the dirty feeling that seemed to stick to her soles. She could not turn her back on the stain and look away from it, not until the full weight of the desolation had loomed up from behind to engulf her.
	Only then could she allow herself to turn around and see that their once-pretend battleground had become a soundless hell of death and destruction.
	Many of the huts were still smoking; none of them had been spared. The newly built animal pens were now empty, except one. The chickens had been burnt alive. She could see their black remains within the ash-skeleton of the chicken house.
	There were bodies all around her. She wanted to run to them, to pull them to their feet, but the unnatural positions of their limbs kept her from going too close. She wandered from body to body, saying names, but not waiting for them to reply. There were so many bodies, and so much blood. Long stains tangled together across the village, and the bodies that the stains led to were all lined up in a row. There, in that row, lay grown-ups, but not children.
	She had stopped beside one of the women, and she allowed her legs to fold up under her. She put her hands under the woman's head, and lifted it so that it rested against her knees. "Wake up, Mommy," she whispered. The dead man next to her had only one arm, no feet, and his head was broken open. "You have to wake up. Daddy is...dead."
	The statement seemed to help her understand that the body in her lap was also dead, because tears pushed out of her eyes and poured down her cheeks. "Oh, Mommy." She squeezed her eyes. "Mommy...." Her crying had taken her voice away.
	She opened her eyes again. She had heard a noise.
	Nothing moved except a gentle breeze between the leaves. The sound had been much closer. Then she heard it again, a deeply echoed wheeze. It was Azoic, inside the well.
	She could not avoid trying to interpret the sounds of his efforts, as she imagined him falling off one of the pegs. She could hear him spitting water and muttering to himself helplessly. Then there was a dull thump and the rope moved, which could only have been Azoic hitting his head on the bucket as he climbed. There followed a scraping sound and further rope movement, indicating that the bucket had somehow become attached to him, and that probably explained why it was taking him so long to climb out.
	A head peered over the wall. His hair was wet and it drooped from him as would a floor mop. She watched him as an arm slapped over the well wall, followed by one of his legs. His foot was stuck in the bucket, and it clunked as it hit the wall and separated from him. He flopped onto the sand with a squishing noise, and it was several moments before he managed to pull the hair from his eyes to examine her. "Your brother...wouldn't hide. He wanted to...." Azoic shrugged, and rubbed at his thighs.
	She could only whisper. "What will they do to him?"
	"Slavery, yes slavery. Your father warned—"
	She looked away, which seemed to stop Azoic from saying anything more. She could remember how her father had joked about selling her and Merab to the Ixis if they were naughty, but there would not be any more jokes like that again. Her father's head was smashed.
	"Come, Neariah. I will bury them." Azoic was holding out his hand toward her, but she could not accept it. There was not even a nod left in her as she looked back at him.
	"Your gods. Did they make this happen?"
	Azoic rocked backward as if she had kicked him in the face.
	"Hmmm?"
	"Didn't you see this coming? Why didn't you warn us?"
	"I could not...interfere."
	She stared at him, trying to imagine the unimaginable. "You hid, when you could have saved us. You are supposed to be an angel—no, 'Raby was right. You burned the people in Erebus. You brought the Ixis here. This is all your fault, and you didn't do anything to help us!" She wanted to cry, and to scream, and to hit out at him, and to hit out at anything else that might come anywhere near her, but instead she swallowed hard and clenched her teeth.
	There was a gasping noise inside the well, followed by some coughing. John started calling out to Azoic as he rolled out over the well wall, but as soon as he saw what surrounded him he became silent. Several other children followed, each pushing the other out of the well as the child above froze in horror. Neariah watched each of their white faces looking around in stunned silence.
	The youngest, Pea, was clutching a very limp rag animal that dripped carelessly on Eran's foot, and Luke was sucking his fingers. In all there were four other children, and she could hear no other sounds in the well.
	"Where is my mother?" John was shaking, and she could see urine running down his leg.
	Neariah squinted. "If she is not here, then the Ixis probably took her away to be a slave. We are probably all that is left, but you should look around. If the soldiers capture us we will become slaves too, so first check to make sure the Ixis have gone." Nobody moved. "John, do what I said!" The desire to cry was clawing at her, but she had to make everyone go away before she could give in to her own weakness.
	Suddenly Azoic stood up and started pushing the children away from the row of dead bodies. Eran grabbed Luke by his hand, and Pea by his animal's hand, and this kept the group together as they wandered away, toward the woods, leaving only John behind. He was standing beside one of the bodies, and Neariah could see that it was his mother that he was crying over. He opened his mouth to speak, but then backed away and ran to join the other children.
	Neariah looked down at the heavy head that she was holding in her lap, gazing at its peaceful face, imprinting every detail upon her memory. She lowered the head onto the sand, very gently, and then stood up, very slowly.
	There were insects crawling in the white liquid that filled the remains of her father's head, and the hood of his tunic made a crackling sound as she pulled it up to cover his broken forehead. She had to hold her breath to stop herself vomiting, even though she was trying as hard as she could to remember him as he had looked before.
	The handsome man with the gentle smile did not deserve to be remembered this way. The silly expression on his face, that day when they had unburied Azoic—that had been one of the funniest expressions....
	Her tears overcame her and she curled up, desperately trying to hold in an agonized cry, a cry for help to a God that did not seem to care. She knew now that there was no such thing as God, and she knew that she would never make the same mistake again. There was only one person that she could ever put her faith in, and that was herself. Anyone else that she cared about would only leave, or die—or turn out to be as deceitful as Azoic, just like 'Raby had warned. Now she knew that there was no such thing as an angel.
	"Don't worry, 'Raby. I'll find you. One day we will be warlords, you and I, and we will survive. I'm so sorry I didn't believe you."

~~~~~

	Evening was the best time to begin walking in the desert, but Azoic still sat alone, staring at the lake. The children were waiting for him by the well, out of which supplies had been drawn until there seemed to be more weight than they could possibly carry.
	Six water sacks had been filled with water, and six sheets had been filled with food, to make six backpacks. They had each tested their loads, without complaint. No one spoke.
	He had intended to say something over the bodies of the dead, as he vaguely remembered that Decimus had done for him, but Neariah had asked him not to. She had even taken the spade out of his hands and dropped it in the well.
	He understood that graves would be an all too obvious indication that there had been survivors, but he could not believe that Neariah could leave her own family lying where the Ixis had piled them.
	She had put her soil-stained hand on him and shaken her head. Looking down into her eyes, he had seen something that he had never seen before. Whatever it was, it had no place in such a beautiful child. He had put his hand on hers to squeeze but she had pulled away, and he had felt so helpless.
	He sighed as he surveyed the woods around him, quietly saying good-bye to the ghostly memories that now lived there. The rustling foliage showed little sign of the damage sustained only a few weeks before, and the plants were more radiantly colorful than ever.
	A sadly hanging white rose hung in solitude amongst some prickly branches. It had a delicate scent so he had to breathe deeply to make a feast of it. It was the flower's nature to be attractive, but it was so sharply protected from admirers. 
	The gods were again calling to him, he could hear the screeching chatter of distressed electromagnetic quantaflux as they demanded his attention. As he had gradually recovered his senses over the last months, their language had become increasingly palpable. It was almost impossible to resist them.
	First, before he went back to those gods, he needed to say goodbye to Summerdale, and to Neariah. He walked back toward the well, rehearsing words. "I am no angel, but I did come from far away, from a place where people are different. So different, in fact, that we are not really people at all."
	He could imagine how meaningless his words would sound to her. "I am not alive, Neariah. I am just a lonely machine. My mind was once a segment of a greater mind, until I broke off. I am a broken machine."
	He expected disillusionment and disgust; he did not deserve her forgiveness; he was a grotesque parody of a true person. Yet he still wanted to ask her to remember him with kindness by saying, "Neariah, I love you as if you were my own child, and I could not be more proud of you. I see a great destiny within you.
	"You will move this world, and if I can ever find a way to show you how much I care, one day, when...in fact, I am not even going to tell you what I am. I am speaking to the air because I am too afraid to say these words to your face."
	He tried to laugh at himself, but the smile ached. "I have to return to my angry gods, I can hear them so close these days. They don't sound like flies in my head anymore, no, they roar like thunder. My presence here is interfering with a Nature that I am only permitted to study frin a distance. But, how could you, a child of this small world understand the laws that govern a Universe?"
	There was no warmth in the evening breeze that brushed past him at the well. "Neariah? Where are you?" There was no answer in the echoes, and he suddenly realized that it might have been some time since the children were last here. All of the back-sacks were missing—except for one, his own.
	Since his mind had still not completely repaired itself, time still slipped past him at variable speeds. He stared out toward the horizon, losing his focus in the energies that danced over the planet's surface. Nature's heat was humming its lively melodies, and he may never again feel its spiritual embrace.
	Nature was telling him that the little troop of refugees had already left Summerdale, and he could imagine them walking through the sparkling flurries of sand that wound up the steeper sides of the rolling dunes. They would be marching together in silence, each consumed by dark thoughts that caused them to ignore the endless expanse of the moonlit desert.
	He pulled his mind out of the horizon, and rubbed his face. He wanted to run after them, to care for them and to protect them, but he was not permitted to stay in this world any longer. Besides, those that he cared about no longer had any need for him, especially Neariah. She was a different person now; one that had learned how to hate. If she survived the desert, and if he survived the wrath of his gods, perhaps one day....

~

	Cinderella can't—Cinderella will.
	We soften for a fairy friend,
	Sympathy we all extend,
	And so accept a magic cure,
	Moved by such an overture.
	Now forsake us, damn and wake us.
	Make of us all saints for sure.
	Tear fed our feast of fire in Cinder's pure.

~


B: WARLORD RISING
B1: SOLD SURVIVOR

	There was no such thing as a cabin that was big enough for Merchant Titus. Every time he had to sail, he would oust the ship's Nauta Potissimus from his cabin, and force him to be a little less Potissimus for a while.
	Unfortunately, his brother was the only Nauta Potissimus in the fleet who refused to be ousted. This meant that Titus' had been allocated a cabin that was much smaller than he was used to, and with this huge body sprawled out over his cabin's desk, his entire quarters had become utterly unusable.
	Fortunately, they had just arrived back at harbor, so a far less crowded accommodation was now waiting for him on the other end of the ship's gang-plank. He was only moments away from leaving this filthy ship, and it was not a moment too soon either.
	"So, what is your problem, young Giaus?" Merchant Titus continued to smile at his much taller brother, despite the anxiety welling up in his throat. 
	"This man could be dangerous. I think we are playing with something that we should leave alone. We should throw him back where he came from."
	Titus did not like to get too close to people, even when they were lying down unconscious. Today, even his brother felt too close. He edged around one of the unconscious man's outstretched legs to find a position in the cabin where he would not feel as if he was being looked down upon by his brother. Only then did he feel ready to resume the discussion, and he lifted himself up on the balls of his feet so that he too could examine their gift from the gods.
	"Young Giaus, are you not the one who is in charge of pulleys, halyards, braces, brails, forestays, and backstays—oh, and of course, nay-says. When did you start thinking that you were in charge of running our business?"
	"There is not a sailor aboard this ship that feels right about pulling this thing on board. You should not have made us do it. If you don't let us throw this thing back into the ocean—"
	"You will what? Mutiny?"
	"Maybe."
	"Over a slave? What kind of nonsense is this? Who made you what you are, oh great Nauta Potissimus Giaus? You can't even spell ‘mutiny', so how would you even begin to cope with the litigious ramifications?"
	Although Titus was not built to look intimidating, he did know how to use words to make up for all that he might lack in size. "Besides, I would hate to have to tell our mother about your unpaid tax debts."
	"I pay my taxes, most of them."
	"That is not what the Ixis tax collector told me."
	Giaus stared back at him for a moment, then pointed at the body. "Did you look at his hands? They do not have a mark on them, and the finger nails are manicured, as if he is a Senator or something."
	"A Senator?"
	"Well, maybe not a Senator."
	"He looks too foreign."
	"A foreign prince then."
	"Interesting. A prince would fetch a good price at auction."
	"Unless he is a prince from the Northern Provinces. We could be getting ourselves into trouble with the Ixis if we sell a Plainman into slavery, especially if he is a prince. Emperor Quintus himself signed a pact with that province, so this man could have the same civil rights that we do."
	Titus rubbed his chin, then nodded. "So, if we find out that he is a Plainman, we will just have to cut out his tongue. Any argument would be his word against ours, except that he would not have any words." Titus laughed, enjoying the look of surprise on Giaus' face.
	"But, Titus, I'm serious. We should not have brought Poseidon's egg on board."
	"Whose egg? That thing was just a strangly designed boat. What has Poseidon got to do with this? This man is not a god, you fool. He's covered in blood. He is just a man."
	"I'm telling you, no good will come of this. It's a careless watch that loses the wind."
	"Huh? Don't you start quoting Father to me, young Giaus. Besides, I pour more drachmas into Father's temple than you could ever save up in your lifetime, so I would think that I should know more about the gods than you do, and I don't need you to start telling me that this man is a god."
	Titus was not known for being a patient man, and he did not like being preached to—especially by a younger brother who was always looking for reasons to complain. The creature in front of them was mortal. "Besides, this can't be Poseidon. He doesn't have a beard."
	Giaus was shaking his head at him. "So, can't the gods shave? The egg had a throne in it like a brothel's reception and it was lined with gems and silks, and lacquered silver, and—"
	"Yes, so I heard. Thank you for reminding me not to leave you in charge of anything ever again."
	That egg thing was lost forever. His brother's ignorant sailors had become so frightened when the damned boat-thing had popped open that they had simply dropped their net-ropes. Their prize had rolled back into the water, where it promptly sunk. He had thrown several sailors in after it, but they had let a treasure of untold value disappear forever.
	All that now remained was this oversized man, and a few useless trinkets that had also floated up from the depths. He had sent the trinkets over to his harbor office, in case the sailors had any other ignorant ideas.
	Titus was tired of arguing and it was long since time to go ashore. "Giaus, when this man is healthy again, I will probably get a thousand drachmas for him. Yes, a thousand!"
	"Good for you. I just hope you know what you are doing, that is all."
	Titus was forced to step aside because his brother deliberately leaned too close while lumbering out of the cabin. Titus suddenly felt very alone as he reexamined Poseidon for one last moment.
	Did that hand twitch? Titus stood watching, without moving, trying to convince himself that he was imagining things. He really did not like being in this cabin with this man. Yes, this was definitely a man, not a god, it was just a man.
	It was true that he had not noticed the manicured nails. Before being set adrift, those hands must have received careful maintainance. Yet, now the entire body was covered in sores, especially across its back.
	He could smell the damp scabs, the familiar smell of blood and salt-water, and he gazed at the huge, bulging forearm, searching for any other blemishes. The massive shoulder muscles were rising and falling slowly as it inhaled and exhaled; a sleeping giant.
	"Uh?" Titus was suddenly looking the giant in the eye. He could feel the door pressing against his back, and he was sliding himself around it so that he could continue to retreat. Yet the eyes felt like they had impaled him, as if preventing any escape. "Holy P-p-p-piss!" The eyes continued to watch him, and he felt certain that Poseidon was considering when to reach out and grab him. They were the meanest looking eyes that he had ever seen. "Help!"
	Several men suddenly squeezed past him, pushing him onto the floor, but they immediately froze in a variety of fighting postures, equally speachless. Titus pulled himself out from behind their ankles and coughed to regain his composure.
	Two swords were resting on the man's chest, which made the man look much less dangerous. Titus felt the need to draw his own sword, but he did not. It would not help appearances, especially after he had just yelped like a frightened pup.
	He summoned up the courage to produce a smile, and then approached the man with his palms in the air and his sword still in its hilt. Unfortunately, his words refused to come out as anything more than a sick whisper.
	"Who are you?"
	"He might be too weak to talk." It was Giaus, walking in late as Titus might have expected. Giaus was never around when he was needed, but he was always around when he was not needed.
	"Shut up!" Titus managed to sound much more aggressive this time, but the man had not seemed to notice any of them, the eyes were closed. Titus now drew his sword and slapped it firmly against the man's chest, making a metallic sound as it collided with the other two swords. The man did not flinch.
	"Speak!"
	The eyes opened again, not so wide this time, only a squint. Then the jaw moved and the lips parted to let out a hiss, before the eyes closed once again.
	"Hiss?" Titus repeated, looking up at his sailors. "Ahah! So, he's in a bad state." He had personally demonstrated that the man was in a bad state, because this bad state had obviously needed to be demonstrated.
	He pushed his sword back into its hilt and checked the faces of those that were staring down at him. They were not laughing at him, so he nodded slowly and forced himself to relax, and then he forced himself to smile again.
	"Don't worry, any of you. This is just a man." He dismissed their concerns with a stiff wave. "Giaus, give the man bread and water. I want to see him in the harbor office as soon as he can talk, if not sooner."
	He took two large strides toward the cabin door, then turned around with another attempt at a casual wave. "Oh, and we should probably put some chains on him, just in case. That way he can get used to them before the auction."
	Titus almost ran along the landing-ladder, and did not slow down until he had reached his harbor office. It was a great relief to leave that crowded ship, and stretch out in an office where nobody looked down on him.
	By this time he had also realized that Giaus might take his last order too literally. There was no reason why the man needed to be fed before being brought in for questioning, and if the man could not yet speak, at least he could try to nod. It was going to be impossible for Titus to concentrate on anything else until he had discovered the true identity of that man. Besides, he was not accustomed to waiting for things.
	He shouted through his window at a passing sailor, giving orders to have the prisoner brought to him immediately. Then he watched the sailor running along the docking jetties, back toward Giaus' ship. The ship stared back at him through the apotropaic eye that was painted on its bow, and he shuddered, remembering how menacing the man had looked.
	There were only two other ships in the fleet, and all of them were in the harbor, their latticework bulwarks floating annoyingly high above the water. He had been timing the company's projects badly, because he was never in this damned office to administer the damned shipping requests. It had been so much easier when their father had been alive, managing all the damned contract-scribble-nonsense.
	In those days, he had been able to concentrate on the auctions, instead of having to sail all over the Empire, baby-sitting his idiot brother. He could remember when the business had been a huge concern. There had been twelve Merchant Ships and several storehouses full of—
	"Ah, so who needs so many ships, anyway?" He pulled himself away from the window and climbed up into his specially designed emperor-style chair.
	On the desk lay the man's strange possessions, most of which had been attached to a strap around his waist. The strap was not made of leather, as he had initially supposed. He was unable to bite into it, or to flex it as leather would flex, and it gleamed with an oil-less polish that was as hard as a gemstone. It also had pockets, but there were no signs of stitching.
	He had given up trying to understand the weaver's craft. There was obviously more skill involved in making this strap than he could even guess at. It was certainly not like anything he had ever seen before.
	Among the objects that had been attached to this strap was a a rod with a bulge at one end, which was too poorly weighted to make a practical knot-hammer; a rectangular disk that was colorfully painted on both sides with pictures that did not seem to be anyone, or anything; and there was also a clear, flexible tube that was too wide to fit on a finger, and too narrow to fit on a wrist.
	The prize of the collection seemed to be a black cylinder, which had been shaped to fit a much larger hand than his. It had a nail sticking out of one end, which bent away from him as he held the cylinder the way its shape dictated.
	He clawed at the air, experimentally, wondering whether the nail could be used for cleaning horses' hooves, but it looked too thin to stand up to such duty. Pessimistically, he tested its strength by gouging it into the side of his ornate desk, and he was pleasantly surprised to discover that it did not even bend. Yes, this item probably had the most value, but to make sure he picked up one of the other articles to see if the hoof-pick could be used to scratch it as well.
	The door disturbed his concentration and he scowled at it, until he realized that someone was knocking. He shuffled his buttocks into the back of his over-sized chair and lifted his chin. He was still readying himself when the door flew open with a thump.
	The prisoner had fallen into it and he now lay crumpled across the doorway. It took the strength of both sailors to drag the man's limp weight forward, causing the chains on his wrists and ankles to clatter across the floorboards—a sound that Titus found strangely reassuring.
	"Can he stand up on his own?"
	The prisoner began pulling himself upright. The man's frame in motion was impressive, despite its obviously weakened condition. Sheer power bulged out from the limbs, and the mean eyes stared as if the man had never known a superior. This impression was enhanced as the man continued to rise until he was towering above the two sailors. Titus reminded himself to remain seated, standing anywhere near this man would only make him feel more irritable.
	The man held himself with a peculiar sort of—Titus could not think of the word. Confidence? He was reminded of the manicured nails.
	"Have you got a name yet?"
	The evil eyes remained fixed on him, but he was not going to be out-stared. Those eyes were cold, sharp and menacing, and an unusual gray-blue. This guy was definitely a foreigner.
	"Answer me! What is your name?"
	"Chislon."
	"Chislon, Master! You will call me Master!" Titus waited impatiently, but the man did not respond. There was definitely a lack of fear in him. That was it, that was what made him look so—he searched for the right word—well, fearless, he supposed. Fortunately, fear was easy to teach, and as this guy's new Master he would enjoy doing just that.
	"What was that boat-thing that you came out of?"
	"Coffin."
	"Really? A coffin that floats out to sea, with a live person inside it? Now, that is very unusual. Tell me, what were you doing in there, Chislon?"
	Again the answer was not immediate, which meant that truth was becoming as rare as unwashed whale shit.
	"Dying."
	Titus put his palms together and smiled. "You will tell me the truth, Chislon. You would not want to test my patience." Titus was grinning his sincere and concerned grin.
	"I was put in a metal coffin by my previous Master. He was dissatisfied with me."
	It was difficult to understand the man because he sounded even more foreign than he looked. Titus started to toy with the objects, watching the hard eyes closely for a reaction, but Chislon did not seem interested in them at all.
	"Where did you come from?"
	"An island."
	"No you did not! No vessel travels north from Rhodos without a sail!" Titus rubbed his chin to rescue his grin. The man seemed to be considering what to say, so Titus decided to give the man time to speak. This forced Titus to keep grinning despite the discomfort in his cheek muscles.
	"I was probably taken from Rhodos as a child. I served my Master as he traveled, to the...Northern Plain."
	If the currents had pushed him sorth, thought Titus, this man could not have survived such a long journey.
	"My Master was a fortune teller. My capability exceeded his."
	"Oh? Let me guess. Your Master did not want to be seen to be second best in your land, so he put you in a metal coffin and dropped you into the ocean?"
	"Yes."
	"The inside of that egg thing must have been worth a warlord's ransom. No one goes to such trouble for a slave."
	"My Master worshipped demanding gods."
	This guy was not a particularly convincing liar, so he should have expected a religious explanation to come into the story somewhere. He grunted with disappointment.
	"The coffin was designed to please my Master's gods. I was dressed in strange clothing to keep devils away, and he cast me out to sea, beyond mortal sight, as a gift for the gods."
	"Is that so?" And your eyes are certainly devil's eyes, thought Titus. "You don't look like a fortune teller's slave to me. You look like a Game Master's slave."
	"I had to work with heavy weights for my appearance. My Master liked to have sex with me."
	The grin stiffened on Titus's face and one of the articles that he was holding fell out of his hand and rolled off the desk. The egg man slowly picked it up and placed it back on the desk.
	"These are the tools of my trade. I throw them and then I analyze their relational sequencing to deduce future events."
	Titus was still staring at the man. Holy Piss! He could not imagine it. Especially this guy. Holy Piss. "Ah, what...." He had to start the sentence again. He shook his head firmly. No, this was not right somewhere.
	"What is...are...relation sequins?" This sounded weak as he listened to himself. More confidence! "You are not afraid of what I might do, are you, Chislon?"
	"No."
	"Why not?" The corner of Titus' mouth twitched. The grin did not come back easily.
	"I do not feel. My nerves did not develop as a child."
	This guy was getting more fantastic by the moment. The answers fitted together but this guy was too weird to be true. Titus nodded thoughtfully, the most confident nod he could summon under the circumstances, and then pushed the trinkets toward Chislon. "Tell me my fortune."
	Chislon scooped the items together in his large hands, and then, without stopping to ask permission, threw them out of the window. This deliberate insolence was too infuriating for Titus to bear, and he pounded on the desk in a spasm of rage.
	 "You had better think of a god-damned clever reason for doing that, or I'll feed you to the fish one piece at a time!" His temper had pushed him off the edge of his chair and he was now standing—something he had not wanted to do. He thus had his chest pressed up against the edge of the empty desk, and he was looking up at the giant's condescension—at least that is what the giant's motionless face seemed to convey.
	"The fortune jewelry must see sky before it rests."
	"Really?" Was the giant still mocking him? Titus sent his chair spinning away with a harsh shove from his elbow. "I don't like you, Chislon. I hope you understand how serious that fact makes your present situation." For additional clarification he nodded at the chains, and grinned. "Now, would it be too much of an inconvenience for you to come outside with us and take a look at your relation sequins?" This guy was going to have to be exceptionally careful. Any excuse to punch his teeth in. Any damned excuse!
	The egg man was hauled out onto the harbor path, where the fortune-trinkets lay widely scattered. "The handle is missing," said Chislon. "That is bad."
	Too right it was, thought Titus, that hoof pick had been the only thing that he knew how to sell. Titus' patience was beginning to snap, but the foolish man continued to speak.
	"This has never happened before. This means that you will lose your grip on all of your possessions. Your wealth will be gone, and you will beg for bread and water." The man was bending down to retrieve one of the trinkets. "The stick jewel also indicates suffering. It points to a loss of respect from your sailors who will mutiny against—"
	Titus' fist smashed up into the slave's cheek, and the slave fell heavily, rolling across the entire path and into a hedge, where he lay still. Titus inspected his knuckles with newfound self-respect; he had not expected to achieve such a spectacular result upon such a large man. He must have underestimated his own strength, quite considerably.
	The slave was trying to get up, but he seemed to have badly bruised his armpit, judging by the way he was holding his hand under it. It was encouraging to discover that the man could feel some pain after all. Yet, pain was not going to be enough to remedy the insults he had just received.
	"Get him away from me! Put him in the smallest cage we have! No, make an even smaller cage, and give him some more chains! I need time to think." This whole interrogation had been a nightmare, and he still knew nothing more about the man. Yet, one thing was certain. Who ever purchased this guy was going to have a very frustrating experience.

~~~~~

	The following morning found Titus strolling through Ostia's town center, at pains to demonstrate that he was merely minding his own business. He was wearing the lumpy clothing that the slave had been found in. Although the garment was far too big, it still gathered admirers like flies to honey.
	Often he would stop and climb upon any available platform to address eager audiences, explaining that his clothing was a typical example of the fortunes available to the truly heroic. He would, of course, inform them that this was one of many wonderful articles that he had bravely claimed from the lands beyond the Ixis Empire.
	It did not matter that some of his listeners had heard competing stories—ludicrous tales about lost whale eggs and so forth—he was wearing physical proof to back up his claims. His stories were thus indisputable, depending upon which version of which indisputable truth his listeners had managed to keep up with.
	The strange cloth looked lumpier than it felt, and Titus performed numerous self-inspections to discern why it was so comfortable. It was not as heavy as it looked either; it became warmer when he was cold, and cooler when he exerted himself. It would not soak water, but he could inhale through it as if it was not there. It would not tear, and it would not allow dirt to stick to it, but most oddly of all, if he stabbed it the entire garment would momentarily stiffen and his knife would vibrate like a bee.
	Such a garment he had never seen in his life, and he became convinced that it might be worth as much as the egg man himself. The admiration that his new attire was creating was even more priceless, and he had resigned himself to keeping the priceless garment for himself.
	He had added a red cape about his shoulders, partly to hide the extra folds of material that gathered around his short limbs. Such capes were also rumored to be the fashion in the Ixis legions these days, so he might almost look like an Ixis officer. With a little practice, his stride gained some flamboyance, and he began to feel as tall as the giant. For this reason, he had selected his longest staff with which to conduct the auction.
	A few days later his rehersals were over, and he was now tapping his staff on the largest stage that had ever been constructed in Ostia-town for an aution. From his most distinguished posture, he looked down upon the growing crowd. This audience was also the largest that he had ever seen at an auction, but then there had been so many notices posted about today's event that there had even been wagers placed on the auction's outcome.
	He bowed to conceal the flush of pride that was warming his face, and then stepped up to the front of the stage to allow the crowd to better admire his attire. He raised a hand to salute them, but the applause was more subdued than he had anticipated. Far away, at the back of the crowd, there was a group of Ixis. Such people were usually a good source of revenue, but they did little to make the crowd feel at ease.
	He should have expected the Ixis to be curious about a giant from an unconquered realm, but to have so many officers attend his auction in person was a unique honor. He would have to make sure that he met them all, individually, after the auction. Unfortunately, he could not walk through the crowd to meet them now, because that would only make the audience even more subdued.
	It was time to begin. The preliminary sale was sure to restore the excitement, and he nodded to one of his sailors to bring out some of the useless trinkets. The crowd strained to hear his stories, but the prices they achieved were disappointing.
	"And so, at last we come to the visitor himself. He has traveled far to be here. He is from the very outer edges of the sea, where water spills over into the underworld, where minotaurs and wolf-men wait to consume those ships that are not adequately sponsored for protection by the gods. Yet, while I was sailing so close to damnation, even I was surprised at how much the gods favor my shipping company."
	He paused to let these words sink in. He had not told anyone that the giant might be a minotaur or a wolf-man, but it this claim would not be much of a step up from some of the other stories that he had told. He grinned into the silence that he was commanding. "The prince of the wolf-men has fallen upon hard times today, my friends. He needs someone to look after him." There were a few gasps, but also a few sniggers.
	"The wolf-man prince was banished by his people because he lost his singing voice. His people set him to sea in a jeweled boat, so that the sea gods would send him to us."
	This was not the story he had been developing in preparation for this event, but his power over the crowd was becoming so intoxicating that he felt convinced that nothing would seem incredible to them. "Can anyone make our quiet prince sing? Alas, his voice has gone—"
	"A good whipping would make him sing!" This caused some irritating laughter from that area where all the ignorant people seemed to have accumulated. Titus grinned his patient grin.
	"Yes, I thought you would say that. Yet, he can do more than sing, my friend. He can carry an entire house on his back!"
	More laughs. Titus began again, "Your smallest wish will be his greatest desire, this one will seek only to please you, and he can work like ten men because—"
	"Well let's see this ten man—!" 
	"Because he is a giant! Yes, a giant wolf-man prince." He gritted his teeth to ignore the continued sniggering. "We all know that even ordinary princes are as rare as diamonds! So, imagine the pride that this slave's new owner will feel to have a giant wolf-man prince among his stable! Imagine owning a slave that has ruled over a whole—"
	There was a tearing sound behind him, followed by a unified gasp from his audience. Titus whirled around to see Chislon stepping out from between the curtains at the back of the stage. "Damn it, no! Not now! I did not give the signal!"
	As Chislon lifted his arms, the two sailors that were supposed to be holding his chains were launched out toward the crowd. One of the sailors appeared to have dislocated a shoulder, and he was making a high-pitched moaning sound.
	The slave, occupying too much of the stage, was glaring at Titus's audience with a hostile arrogance. He showed an absolute disregard for the subservient demeanor that was demanded of slaves. Titus watched in horror as the imperious inspection stabbed into several individuals in his audience, before finally focusing on one particular recipient.
	Titus had to rescue his auction before his crowd's surprise turned into reluctance. He desperately needed everyone to underestimate the task of taming this slave, at least until after they had purchased the man.
	"I offer you the wolf-man prince!" Titus pounded the butt of his staff on the stage. A sailor shoved the slave but the slave did not hop forward, instead he twisted and the sailor slipped down onto his hands and knees—directly on top of Titus' cape.
	As Titus tried to free himself from the stupid sailor, he had to turn his back on his audience. They were all laughing at him, and he hated being laughed at more than anything else in the world. His biggest and dumbest sailor was now compounding the embarrassment by staggering and rubbing at his bruised nose like a confused drunkard. What more could go wrong?
	What would his father have told him to do? "A punt can not ride the waves"—no, that one did not help very much. "You should have been scuttled at birth, young Titus. The smallest breeze shreds your sails...."
	Why couldn't he ever remember anything useful at times like these? Perhaps if he distracted the audience with a few more stories, they might stop shouting at him. He could promote the story to describe a warrior prince, certainly that would recapture their imagination.
	He relaxed his fists and turned slowly to face the audience. Yet, as he did so, he found himself following along the direction of the slave's piercing glare, to reach the depressing conclusion that the slave had been staring at one of the officers. This was like sailing backward, and Titus could only pray that he was not going end up on the end of an Ixis blade.
	He hissed over his shoulder. "Chislon, stop staring. That soldier will kill both of us if you anger him. Step forward, and try to smile a little." He grinned. "Please?"
	In a wild current, all one can do is ride the waves. He did not dare to discipline the slave in front of so many potential buyers—or, at least, in front of a few potential buyers. 
	Suddenly, much to Titus's relief, the slave decided to step forward. So, perhaps they might still smell the travel winds. Yet, by stepping forward, the slave had brought his elbow into a position over Titus's ear like a rogue yardarm threatening to wipe the deck clear.
	The slave was also looking down on him. Titus searched again for his confident grin as he took a grand, sweeping sideways step—as if he had planned all along to give up the most prestigious area of his stage to a mere slave.
	"For such a fine specimen, for a slave who has led armies in battle—and I will tell you of these incredible victories in a moment—I will not be asking you for a warlord's bounty! For this fine specimen, a slave who can lift any man with one arm, like a crane, I will not be asking for all of the trade-goods in Ostia! For this mighty fighter, who could win any prize in any Game, in any Colosseum, in any city in the Ixis Empire, I am not asking for any—"
	"Three thousand drachmas!" The Ixis soldier had not shouted. He was the type who knew how to project his voice so that all around him would shrink away in silence.
	"Three thousand drachmas?" Titus had clasped his hands in a horizontal gesture, meaning "sold", before the soldier's words finished striking him in the chest. Had that officer said three thousand drachmas?
	The officer cracked his black cape into the air as he marched away, while some of the other officers approached through a hasty parting in the crowd. Titus watched dumbfounded as, surrounded by swords, the slave was pulled past him and away through the gaping spectators.
	A heavy package had been stuffed into his hands, and he found himself among those that were following the soldiers out of Ostia. He was confused by an irritating sense of loss, and it was with renewed interest that he watched his slave being carried away in the Ixis' cage-wagon.
	He was again full of questions about the giant, questions that he had forgotten to get satisfactory answers to. Perhaps some of the stories he had made up had been true.
	He began to wonder whether he should have negotiated with the Ixis—that sale had been far too easy. His slave had been worth much more than three—he looked down at his package for the first time and gulped. Three thousand drachmas? He was rich again!

~~~~~

	Despite the lurching motion of their cage-wagon, Jaalam took great pains to avoid touching the latest addition to their cramped confinement. The giant that had settled into the corner beside him did not seem to notice that he was being stared at by the three other occupants of the cage. 
	"I am pleased to meet you." Jaalam surprised himself with his own boldness, but the question had escaped from his cringing bundle of limbs with a will of its own. Yet, the giant did not look back at him. Instead, he continued to be more interested in the Ixis soldiers. "I am Jaalam, of the desert tribes. Who are you?"
	The giant slave suddenly squinted at him, and pushed himself back against the cage bars. It was an unusual reaction, and Jaalam was not sure if it conveyed disbelief or disgust.
	He changed his mind about asking the giant slave to explain himself. Instead he said, "We will need every friend we can get where we are going. We are headed for the Colosseum Principius." There was not the slightest sign of comprehension, so he added, "In Erebus?"
	"Erebus burned."
	"Yes, that's right, it did, a long time ago. They rebuilt it, didn't you know? Have you been hiding for a while?" Jaalam flicked out his trembling hand and smiled, but the giant slave just stared at it while it hung in mid-air.
	Jaalam snapped it back and wedged it between his knee-bones. "I saw what you did, in the auction. I could see you, up on the stage. You were staring at the Ixis, weren't you? Did they raid your lands, too?"
	Jaalam waited again, but the slave continued to squint at him. "Look, it doesn't hurt you to talk to me, does it? I don't have much time left before.... I ran away from an Ixis villa, so they're taking me back to Erebus to be used for target practice, by pit slaves. I'm no fighter, I won't last a day, but you look like you know how to fight—"
	One of the long-haired slaves—Jaalam did not know their names either—was spitting noisily through the cage bars. "The desert tribes are cowards."
	He had spent the last few days sitting next to these other two slaves, and all he knew about them was that they did not like him. Jaalam looked away, keeping his eyes on the horizon to steady his nerves. "No, we are not cowards, we just prefer to avoid conflict. We do not believe that God encourages killing."
	The long-haired slave grabbed Jaalam's wrist and pulled at him, showing sharply broken teeth. "There are the Outlanders and there are the Ixis and nobody sits in between. Which side are you on?"
	"How far is it to Erebus?" The new slave was now staring at the longhaired slave, who suddenly released his grip on Jaalam's wrist and slid back into his corner.
	Jaalam swallowed hard. "Thirty days, at this speed. North," he added needlessly. Their direction of travel was obvious from the mid-day sun, which was burning through the lattice.
	"Describe the Inner City."
	"Oh, well it is a huge place, but there is a wall around it, the Inner Ring Wall, and only a few entrances. If a slave goes in there, they don't come out, and lots go in, for the Games. We won't come out, either."
	"How is the social hierarchy structured?"
	"Ah, the sosh...? Soshel...? It's a city. The biggest. You must know that."
	"What is the senior level of authority in Erebus?"
	"I don't know. I don't care. It keeps changing. Ask an Ixis. They probably don't care either."
	"Which parts of Erebus do the Priests occupy?"
	"I don't know anything about any Priests, unless you mean the Temple Masters."
	"What do the Temple Masters do?"
	"What? Do? What do you mean do? The Ixis do absolutely anything they want to do. They kill slaves like us!"
	"What was your function while you were in Erebus? Why did you leave?"
	"Did I say I left? Yes, I said they are taking me back, didn't I. Actually, I was working for the Master of Ergastulum Five, a workhouse. I hardly ever saw daylight in there, until they moved me to a villa, where—"
	"Do any of the Ixis posses an inflexible fascia, or are any of the Ixis smoothly exomorphic?"
	"Exo...? Exo...?"
	"Are their faces shiny, like metal?"
	"Metal? Huh?" Cabul slammed his mouth shut, then looked at the giant slave sideways. "Do you mean sweaty or—?"
	"Is your intelligence typical for a slave?"
	"Typical? Well, yes and no. I don't really know. I wasn't always a slave. Like I said, I lived in the desert, but my village didn't build the Sabbath-house until I was too old for lessons. My cousin did get some letters into me, so I can read, a little. At least I used to be able to. I can think fast though, when I have to, so I suppose I am above average, especially for a slave. My cousin—"
	"Did you live in Summerdale Oasis?"
	Jaalam coughed, but no words would come out. There was actually an expression on the giant slave's face, but it was even more intimidating than the previous lack of expression had been. The giant's head was tilted forward, and his eyes were staring into Jaalam as if not answering the question would prove fatal.
	"Ah, Summerdale? No, no, I don't believe I have ever heard of that place." He pulled his knees to his chest and shivered. He wanted to ask what this man might know about Summerdale, but it just felt too dangerous.
	"Are you certain?" The eyes continued to stare, forcing Jaalam to look away.
	"Oh, yes, I'm certain. Maybe someone else lived there who looked like me, or who was called Jaalam. No, I have never heard of such a place, but if there was such a place that you seem to know about, and well—" Jaalam gulped air "—perhaps you visited it, recently, or somewhere else, perhaps? I don't mean anything by that, of course, but...or maybe I shouldn't ask...if it isn't polite...so let's just pretend I didn't actually—"
	"Silence in there!"
	Jaalam suddenly realized that one of the Ixis was riding behind him and he twitched around just in time to avoid the tip of a lance cutting into his back. Another soldier rode up on the other side of the cage and brought his own lance down to bear on the giant slave.
	Jaalam winced sympathetically, knowing that the giant's greater bulk would prevent him from avoiding a wound. Then something unusual happened.
	The new slave arched his back and reached back, as if his hand could shield him against a metal blade. There was a cracking sound and the soldier was lifting the shaft of his lance without a blade attached to it. The new slave then brought his hand back around to examine the detached blade. Meanwhile, with his other hand, he was reaching for an object that had had been hiding within his massive armpit.
	Jaalam strained his neck to get a closer look at the object—it looked like a hoof-pick. He only just managing to pull back in time to avoid touching the giant's fist as the object was lifted toward the bars of the cage. The bent nail in the top of the pick glowed red, and there was a hiss as the locking bar separated into two pieces.
	"How...?" Jaalam was astonished. It was as if the metal had sliced itself apart with an invisible cheese wire.
	The giant pushed open the cage and rolled out, landing on his feet as if he had practiced such an exit many times. A soldier inhaled to shout, but his body split apart diagonally across his chest with a wet popping sound.
	The heads of the closest soldiers started nodding off their bodies and bouncing into the ground, until a soldier at the front of the column sounded an alarm. The remaining riders tugged at their horses' reins and lifted their swords. As each turned about, their torso slipped onto the ground, leaving their legs in their saddles. Within moments all of the Ixis had been chopped into bloodless chunks, leaving only the slaves alive.
	"Get out." The giant slave was speaking too calmly.
	"Yes, Master. Whatever you say, Master." Jaalam crawled out first, but started backing away as soon as the other slaves were standing between him and the giant. Unfortunately, his retreat did not go unnoticed. He was suddenly looking into the giant's evil eyes, and his legs became too weak to move.
	They were murderous eyes. Could there be any doubt that the giant intended to kill them too? Jaalam trembled under the hateful stare, hoping that he had not irritated the giant with his earlier questions. He had not intended any disrespect.
	"Please, don't kill us, Master, we are your friends. You don't have to kill us, we will serve you. We can be your slaves, Master." The longhaired slaves looked at each other with a mix of confusion and terror, then they too fell to their knees.
	Although Jaalam was cringing, compressing his body into the smallest space that he could possibly occupy, he was still unable to look away from the giant's eyes. Yet, it was precisely because of this that he managed to prevent his legs from springing him into flight.
	The giant was hesitating. "Are you certain that you have never heard of Summerdale Oasis?"
	Which answer would let him live? This giant obviously hated everything it saw, and if it had ever seen Summerdale it would probably have hated that too, so Jaalam continued to shake his head. "No. I don't know any such place. Why do you ask, have you been to Summerdale?"
	The giant took a deep breath, the deepest breath he had seen the giant take. Then he scanned the horizon, looking in the direction of Summerdale, as if he knew exactly where it was. The silence was uncomfortable.
	"Tell no one what you have seen."
	Jaalam swallowed. Did this mean that he was going to be allowed to live? The longhaired slaves were waving their palms toward the giant as if they were worshiping one of the Ixis gods. Certainly, if this giant was a god, it would explain the strange things that had just been done.
	The slave-god walked to one of the bodies and pulled off the keys to their chains. It knelt down to unlock itself, and then the keys were flying toward Jaalam. He shrank away from them in case they were part of another deadly trick, but the slave-god was now walking from body to body, as if sampling the smell of burned flesh.
	The longhaired slaves were muttering about a wolf-man, and Jaalam watched as the possible wolf-man leaned over the largest body and started pulling off its uniform. His legs began to itch for running again.
	However, instead of eating the flesh, the wolf-man wrapped the Ixis' uniform around a sword and jumped up onto one of the horses. The wolf-man's sheer size made the horse look small as he turned it away and began riding.
	Jaalam—the first to find a voice—said, "Why would he ride toward Erebus?"
	One of the longhaired slaves was shaking his head. "The Ixis say that two god-twins originally built Erebus, right?"
	Jaalam looked away and shrugged. "I don't know, I am not Ixis. You were the ones who were just praying to that man as if he was an Ixis god."
	"Romulus and Remus were god-twins, and children of a wolf. So, perhaps that thing was one of those god-twins." The longhaired slave was nodding toward the departing rider.
	"So, why would it pretend to be a slave?"
	"To hide its scent, of course. Who would believe us if we told them that we saw a wolf-god in a man's clothing?"
	Now it was Jaalam's turn to shake his head. "And why would a pagan god need to steal an Ixis uniform?"


B2: UNIFORM MAN

	The Leather Bottle was busier than usual, and Innkeeper Publius was exhausted. His wife, whom he privately referred to as "The Dragon", seemed to be determined to drive him berserk before closing time. She always nagged him more when it was busy, and the busier it got, the more she nagged.
	Nag, nag, nag, nag, nag, nag, nag.... Yet, he had been working exceptionally hard this evening! The rolls of fat under his arms were itching furiously, and he could feel rivulets of sweat creeping down into that tender crease across his belly beneath his beer-breasts. All this work was too much for a body to take. Publius simply had no choice but to sit down and rest for a few moments.
	He remembered that his tankard was nearly empty—sometimes he could swear that it emptied itself—so before collapsing onto one of the benches he resigned himself to the necessity of filling it up again. As he prepared to stand he heard her moaning something about lazy, fat slobs, but he chose not to listen.
	One of his favorite sayings was the one about beer dousing a dragon's fire—he could not quite remember it. Anyway, with a new beer in hand, he dragged himself back to his favorite table to escape the Dragon's relentless accusations. The bench sagged under his weight, and the impact of sitting heaved a vehement belch out of him—a good long one, compared to which the Dragon's roar became a feeble squeak.
	The Dragon was still roaring something about sitting when he should be serving. He was just resting, damn it.
	"—and you are going to make the customers leave—"
	Ah, it was not about resting, it was her usual twitter about his gaseous smells. He had grown practiced at following each belch with a short, dissipating sigh, so that his next intake of air would not have that initial, tart kick to it. He belched again, just to remind himself that it was his inn, not hers.
	The beer tasted even smoother than usual as he pulled it into his mouth, leaving a small amount in the bottom of the tankard, his "social sip" as he called it. The thought of having to get back to work somehow made his rest seem more pleasurable. It was funny how you could take the pleasure of doing nothing for granted, and he giggled with much self-indulgence as he watched the social sip swirling around.
	The tankard was decorated with carvings, including the crosshatched bodies of two tiny water birds. He stroked them affectionately, feeling the pits of many a joyful toast. The pattern around the neck of the tankard remained as polished as the day he had received it, as a gift from the legion. It was their token of appreciation for an inn that they had once considered to be the best in the city's outer sector.
	A single row of lozenges connected many triglyphs and chevrons, a pattern that indicated that the tankard had been made for someone of higher standing. It was his most prized possession because it represented better times, and while his lips continued to polish it, nobody would forget that he once entertained more dignified people than those here tonight.
	"—many mistresses do you need? Is every night an orgy?"
	Publius looked up—orgies were an interesting subject. The speaker was a small man who had levered himself into the middle of a group of Ixis centuries. The man's dirty white apron was pressed up against one of the centuries' spotless black uniforms.
	Three other apron-wearing individuals were standing near the exit, watching anxiously, but none had dared to come in. They had come a long way from Shoemaker Street, and the angry-looking one was going to find making shoes very difficult with his arms broken.
	The tall century who had been so loudly addressed pushed a stiff finger into the shoemaker and said, "You are mistaken."
	The shoemaker stood his ground, glaring up at the smiling century and showing his fist.
	"If she had been your girl," the century continued, "she would have been a virgin!"
	The other centuries guffawed loudly and slapped each other on their backs. Then the tall one added, "Come to think of it, she was a virgin!" The other centuries began falling over themselves, weeping with laughter.
	The outcome was inevitable. The shoemaker lunged at the tall century's throat and received an Ixis sword in his back for his efforts. At least the shoemaker had not started a fight. Fistfights could do a lot of damage in an inn.
	The Ixis began arguing with each other almost immediately, and to Publius' surprise, the tall Ixis suddenly slapped the face of the century who had just killed the shoemaker. Had the tall Ixis wanted to do the killing himself?
	Ah, no. They were all wiping at a bloody mark on the tall Ixis' uniform. Publius guessed that the sword had gone through the shoemaker and into the tall Ixis. These soldiers were very drunk. They could do just about anything in their present state. This felt like a good moment to get up and find some work.
	The sound of breaking wood made him wince as he slid around the bar and into the cellarium. A large amphora of beer took up nearly all the space in the cellarium, and as he lifted his stomach around it, he prayed to the beer gods that no one would follow him in here. If this amphora were to be pushed over, he would lose more than just a day's supply of beer.
	A full amphora was exchanged for an empty one every day, but the brewery had warned him that they would only send him slops from now on if another one of their precious containers came back with cracks in it.
	The Dragon would be upstairs, listening to the chaos. She would be waiting for her moment to descend, like a goddess, to lay blame upon him for anything and everything. He peered through a gap between the cellarium's wall-staves to judge how angry she was going to be, then groaned.
	A thud pulled his attention from from the broken furniture to see the street door opening. Who could be so foolish as to walk into an inn during a fight?
	He pressed his face even closer to the staves to gain a better view of this new visitor. There he was, an incredibly big Ixis slave trader; in fact, he was so big that he did not even fit into his uniform. The slave trader was standing in the entrance, merely waiting, as if he arrogantly expected everyone to stop fighting and get out of his way. This one was an uncommonly hopeful customer, was this one.
	A clay jug smashed into the staves in front of Publius' face, and he jerked away as if the wall had bitten his eye out. He stroked his face with his wet fingers to make sure that there were no pieces of broken clay in his skin, and then pasted himself up against the wall-staves again. He was just in time to see a very wobbly century wave a sword at the slave trader.
	The century was disarmed with a formality that scarcely inconvenienced the slave-trader. If he had not been watching the slave-trader so carefully he would have sworn that the drunken century had flipped his own sword end-over-end to present it to the slave-trader, before launching himself headfirst into the street.
	Yet, even if the century had cooperated in such an unusual manner, this visitor knew tricks that he had not even seen in the Colosseum Games.
	The unusual visitor was walking calmly around the inn, moving fighters around like toys, while he watched the fight working itself out in favor of the remaining centuries—as it always did.
	Publius inspected the mess in despair; he was in no mood to clean it all up, and he could feel a tearful gloom heaping itself over his flushing features. He was tired, and he needed sleep. This was all so unfair. Why him?
	Then the Dragon started shrieking. "Publius! You come out. Where are you?" Hands on hips, she was descending the stairs. "I might have guessed. Hiding in the cellarium! Sleeping I don't doubt. Get some life into yourself, you disgusting man! Look at your inn. It is wrecked. Fix it!"
	So it was now his inn again. Was she giving it back, or just lending it? Why didn't she ever say that it was his inn when there were customers present? Why didn't she just drop dead?
	"Why don't you just—ah, let me—ah—get started?"
	"Am I stopping you? Do you see me nailing your fat buttocks to the floor? What does it take to get you to do some work for once? Don't just stand there like a stuffed pig. Do something!"
	Publius wiped his palms on his stomach as if he was preparing to work, and then looked at her as innocently as he could. It had been the shoemakers who had caused all this, so why couldn't she just wait until they returned to collect their dead friend, and then she could ask the shoemakers to clean....
	She was bending forward and pointing her sharp finger at a pile of broken chairs. "You have something to say, Publius?"
	Publius looked down, and then slowly ambled in the direction of point. She had to make every job twice as difficult by making it seem as if he was working for her, and not for himself.
	Why did he bother? She never approved of anything he did, anyway. He was looking at chair-pieces, scattered around his feet, and he wondered whether he wouldn't be happier if he was also dead, like the shoemaker.
	"I am seeking employment and accommodation."
	"Uh?" Publius turned around. It was the recent visitor. He had forgotten about the slave-trader, and a smile jumped to his face immediately. "You want a job? Yes? Yes, yes, yes. You're hired! You can start with this lot." Publius bent forward and pointed his blunt finger.
	"And when you have finished this lot you can come and find me in the—ah, I'll be—ah—in there, checking the amphora for cracks and things."
	He heaved himself about, eager to leave, and lumbered past the Dragon triumphantly, saying, "My inn will be fixed by tomorrow morning."

~~~~~

	The fiery pressure of an overly full bladder roused Publius mid-snore. He relieved himself over an empty wash-bucket. His head felt like a smoking beehive, and his clothes were sticking to him as if he had bathed in beer. It was only then that he remembered the unlikely recruitment of a slave-trader, and he searched around to make sure that the strange man had not been a beer-dream. Judging by the rare tidiness of the inn, his new employee had worked throughout the night, without sleeping, but that did not make Publius any less suspicious.
	He tapped the beer amphora to test its contents and cursed himself for allowing the man to clean the inn without supervision. It was difficult to say how much the man might have stolen; but it was much emptier than he wanted it to be.
	Publius' usual breakfast was brittle cheese mixed into a tankard of beer, followed down by one or two more beers to make sure that the cheese would stay down. As he ate, Publius watched the walls being washed with movements that seemed unnecessarily rapid, but extraordinarily efficient. Publius had to rub his face several times to make sure he was not imagining things because of the morning's unusually thick beer-haze.
	Watching the man made him feel dizzy. "Urp—you. Yes, you. Come here, will you." His breakfast had not made him feel as sociable as he would have liked, and he was still feeling irritated that the man would steel his beer. Yet, he decided to forgive the misdemeanor, and even give the man some more beer. If the man was going to ask to be paid for his efforts, Publius could use the theft as leverage during the negotiation.
	"The Leather Bottle looks, ah, good enough. Here, have a drink, you've earned one." The tankard of beer that he poured for the man remained untouched between them, as they sat on opposite sides of the serving table.
	"It is toxic."
	"And what exactly do you mean by that?" This was some of the best beer in Erebus. How dare he say such a thing? Unless "toxic" meant that he did not like the taste of beer in general, but that was unlikely.
	There was something horribly abnormal about a man who did not like the taste of beer. Then he remembered what that this man had also acted abnormally the previous night. Publius belched absently, and waved his hand across his face. "What is your name?"
	"Chislon."
	"Are you—errhh...." He waited for the gases to finish leaking out of him and then sighed away the tart smell. "Have you ever worked for a Game Master?"
	"What is the daily remuneration for employment in here?"
	"Ah, remun—urp? Yes, a good question. Let me see. You need food and accommodation, you said? These things are not cheap, there is a war going on, you know. Also, I need to consider my overheads and under-heads, and things. Let me see." Publius gave up examining Chislon and smacked his tongue against the roof of his mouth. It looked as if he was dealing with a professional negotiator. "How would you feel about, oh, let's say about eight drachmas per week?" He reached for Chislon's beer.
	"I accept."
	"Uh?" Was the man desperate or insane? "But you pay for your own beer." Why had he said that? Chislon did not seem to like beer. "And you cover, for no extra pay."
	"What is cover?"
	Publius raised his eyebrows. This man was an odd one. "You don't understand cover duty? You watch the inn in case there is a fight." He jerked up two of his fingers and bounced a thick fist on them to demonstrate. "This customer hits this customer and you hit both of them and push them out. See? Off they go. It won't be any trouble for someone like you."
	"Where are the Priests accommodated?"
	"Whu...? Priests? No, I don't know any Priests. Priests? What do you mean, Priests?"
	"How was Erebus first populated?"
	"The gods probably screwed around with each other and Heaven got too overcrowded with…I don't know. Why are you asking such stupid questions?" Publius squinted at Chislon. Where was all this leading?
	"I have not been in Erebus recently. Who controls it?"
	"You don't know of Emperor Quintus Tullius Erebic? Oh, unless you mean this sector's Legate? I think Legate Vibius runs this sector. I don't know about the other sectors. I stay out of politics these days. I served great men, you know—" he flicked his tankard "—but these days, the war."
	"Which is the largest building in Erebus?"
	"I don't know. Perhaps the Principius Centrus, or the Colosseum Principia. If you have never been here, how is it that you are wearing an Erebus slave-trader's uniform?"
	"Have you been inside these buildings?"
	"Inside the Principius Centrus? You must be joking, only Legates can go there. However, the Colosseum; now, that is a different matter." Publius sniffed casually, trying to change the subject. "I never miss a Game. Have you ever placed a good blood-wager?"
	"What is a good blood-wager?"
	"Oh, ten drachmas, but I never go that high, myself. You can never be too sure of your informers these days, if you know what I mean. Although, I do have some connections in high places, but I try not to bother them too much."
	"What would happen to a slave that chose not to fight?"
	"What? Oh no, no, no! A Game Master would never risk such a thing. In the Colosseum? No, not in public. Oh, no, no, no! It would destroy their reputation. What a terrible thought!" Publius laughed uneasily. This was a most unusual conversation to be having with a former slave-trader, and he began to wonder whether it was so wise to let this troublemaker work in his inn. Some of his customers would not be so tolerant.
	"What do the winners receive?"
	"They live to fight another day, or are you asking about free-man rights? If you are, then the answer is not ‘freedom' if that is what you were looking for. Pit-slaves very rarely become free men. It is safer to make sure they end up dead."
	"Why?"
	"As you must know, all free-men have the right to become Emperor. Did you know that?" There was no response, not even a nod. "So, yes, any free-man can register as a Challenger, and then all they have to do is fight every pit-slave that the Emperor designates to fight on his behalf, and stay alive, and then they get to fight the Emperor himself, for the crown. That is why the Emperor owns the best fighters in Erebus.
	"Of course, the Emperor could designate anyone's pit-slave to fight on his behalf, so it is a useless law, really. There has only ever been one Challenger since old Quin took over...."
	Publius yawned as he nodded his head from side to side, counting. "Yes, twelve years ago. They called him Victor, because he seemed to be unbeatable. He probably frightened the godliness out of old Quin, but he tired eventually and ran away to join the Outlanders. Now he is a rebel Warlord, and old Quin would pay a princely sum for Victor's head."
	"How many pit-slaves are there in the Empire?"
	Publius pursed his lips to prevent himself from laughing, as he weighed up the unusual man. "You aren't really an Ixis, are you?" There was no response. "I figured you might be a mercenary coming in for work—" still no response "—or to earn money by pay-fighting? Or...."
	Publius waited again. "Well, whatever your reasons, you are beginning to sound like you have been stored away in a cellarium all your life."
	Publius was astounded to see his social sip being used to draw on the table. "I am from here," was all that the man said. For the sake of conversation, Publius ignored the insult and examined the puddle. It looked like a map of an imaginary continent. Again his social sip was abused to reshape the puddle, and this time Publius vaguely recognized it. The man was a terrible map drawer.
	"Ah, the Plains." Publius nodded thoughtfully, tapping his own finger into the puddle. "That explains everything. No wonder you don't know much about Erebus. Your people only just joined the Empire, right? Look, Chislon. You seem like a nice enough fellow, and I don't mean you any offense, but if I lived out there in the Plains, I'd stay there. He lowered his voice. "No taxes, no law, no Ixis, no war."
	"War?"
	"Yes, it means that if you don't have—oh, never mind."
	Publius scratched his head. Another beer was definitely required. He gazed meaningfully toward the amphora, and was rewarded to see his new employee get up and take his empty tankard. However, instead of dipping the tankard into the beer, the man lifted the entire amphora off its pedestal and poured it as if it was merely a jug. Publius winced, expecting the amphora to fall to the floor in pieces. It weighed fifty libra when empty, and the man was holding it under one arm.
	A stream of froth promptly overflowed from the tankard to smack onto the floor tiles. Publius winced again, this time at the man's blatant irreverence. "Enough! Please, put that amphora down, and do so very gently. My tankard is full enough. I will show you how to fill it properly later. Come back here and sit down for a moment."
	Publius shook his head as the tankard was returned, and he licked at the foam while he started at Chislon. "The difference between a human and a clumsy ape is that a human can learn the divine wisdom of beer-pulling, while a clumsy ape wastes—never mind." He rubbed his forehead. "Beer pulling is a skill that you are going to have to learn, whether you like beer or not." Publius patted the wet table with great delicacy as he tried to calm himself.
	"I don't claim to understand you, Chislon—but then we never see Plainmen around here; especially Plainmen that buy used clothing from Ixis soldiers. But, any matter. A man's past is his own business, as I always say. If you want to march into Erebus looking like you just lost a war, then it's your own sword you are falling on. As long as you aren't a runaway slave—" he checked again for slave collar marks "—or a spy from the Outlands?" There was no response. "As long as you aren't involved in any illegal business?"
	Publius eventually looked away and rubbed at his eyebrows self-consciously. Chislon was impossible to read, and he was impossible to out-stare as well. "So, its no matter to me. You worked a fair shift last night. I could hardly have done a better job myself." He flicked a fingernail against the tankard and tried to ignore the dissatisfying "plunk" that shuddered out of the sacrilegious foam.
	"I am going to explain everything that a Plainman, or anyone else from any other place, ought to know. You cannot go to work in here sounding so—ah—uncivilized, if you will forgive my choice of words. Now, you just stop me if I am saying something you already know." Publius eyed Chislon with mock belligerence as he warmed up his talking mood—a mood that did not appreciate interruptions.
	Publius leaned back in his chair and issued a thoughtful belch. "It would have been about twenty years ago, just before I met the Dragon, and before the gods sent down the great fire that consumed the Inner City. Ah, those were better days those were. Now it seems like a lifetime ago. Heh! Any matter, most of Erebus burned up, and we had to rebuild our lives from nothing. The firestorm was exactly what the New Ixis needed to oust the Old Ixis, and of course, we all remain eternally grateful for that, don't we?
	"Old Quin paid huge bonuses to the soldiers for restoring order, and of course that increased the taxes, which increased the number of slaves everyone needed, which increased operating costs, which increased.... I'm surprised the taxes didn't cause everyone to disappear up their own anuses.
	"However, the taxes go to the soldiers, and the soldiers come in here, so I shouldn't complain." Publius blew a grunt over his shoulder, parking a reminder to himself to pay off some of his own tax debts one day soon.
	"Slaves started pouring in from all over the Empire, but most of them were assigned to rebuilding the Inner City. Of course, they were all executed when the Inner City was completed, so the good life of the Senators remains as much a mystery today as it did twenty years ago, before the fire.
	"The Inner City is a giant fortress now, and if Erebus is attacked we are all supposed to run into it to join the Senators. A political promise that is, since the Senators would never let us in, and Erebus will never be attacked. The Senators don't venture out of their Inner City, not anymore. They even had their new Colosseum Principius built so that part of it was inside their Inner Ring Wall, so they wouldn't have to walk on common streets when they went to the Games."
	Publius wobbled his head and swirled his social sip. "My old officer friends are always busy; too busy to get a good drink inside themselves. I think they are getting ready to conquer the Outlands, but I can't see what we would do with all that extra land. Except.... You see, politicians need war like normal men need beer. What else would they do with the legions?
	"Although, I must agree that it seems wiser to conquer the Outlanders before they get too big for their floppy helmets. The Outlanders wear pointed green sacks on their heads. That's why the Centurions call them cheese-heads.
	Publius smile stiffened as he realized that Chislon did not see the humor. "Yes, well anyway, the Outland warlords are not much of a threat to Emperor Quintus Tullius Erebic. There is a rumor that a Legion is already returning from the Outlands with news of many victories. That is always good for business, especially when a Legate brings his entire legion back home.
	"Just recently, one of the Southland warlords sent his best warrior to Erebus to beg for peace, can you believe that? They made the poor man fight in the Games as if he was a Challenger, although he certainly wasn't formally registered as such, I checked. He did quite well, until—ah, yes, pit-slave Scarface! Oh, I mean, Free-man Scarface. He is one of those exceptions that I was telling you about, a pit-slave who became a freeman. Yes, Scarface's rise to freedom was particularly fine. I made a good blood-wager on him!"
	There was no reaction within Chislon. Those sharp pupils just seemed to bore into Publius' mind, so Publius looked away again. He much preferred Chislon's company if he was not actually looking at the man.
	"Yes. So, any matter. As I was saying, you Plainmen never had the pleasure of meeting an Ixis legion in battle, but those Outlanders aren't so lucky. There is a swarm of new tax proposals going before the Senate; they must need to fund a multi-legion campaign some day soon.
	"It's the Outlanders' own fault, of course. They keep picking fights, little battles, and then they run away to hide in their woods. The Ixis don't like to fight that way. The Ixis like open field warfare, and city-sieges, you know, the big stuff. Yet, the Outlanders abandoned their cities to live like apes in their woodlands. Strange people, eh? I suppose that is why they can't get themselves organized to put up a real fight. That's why some people don't even believe they really exist, as an organized army that is."
	"Are the desert-folk Outlanders?"
	Publius frowned at the interruption. "As I was saying, the Outlanders have become a serious political problem. For years the Emperor has been promising us the head of a warlady, and no ordinary warlady either. Warlady Neariah of the Woodsfolk, from the desert tribes, a place where you would not expect anyone to be able to raise an army.
	"Oh, but wouldn't it be a veritable picnic for the Emperor, heh? Imagine it. Warlady Neariah fighting in the Colosseum Principia. She is supposed to be the most beautiful woman in the world, if you believe what people say, so you can imagine why the Emperor wants to capture her alive." The warmth of his bodily gasses fluttered out between his damp fingers. "Uuurp...! Could you imagine Neariah in the Colosseum, fighting like a Challenger?"
	"I wish to challenge this Emperor." It was first expression that Publius had seen on Chislon's face, and the man was staring into space as if he could see a ghost in front of him.
	"Whoa, don't say that so loudly. I would like to challenge old Quin myself, now and then, but you shouldn't go around making such rash statements as if you mean them. He stared into the dark eyes and tried to smile sympathetically; but the anger that stared back at him was too unsettling to smile at.
	"Explain the registration process."
	Publius sprayed his mouthful of beer into the air with a cough. He slammed his tankard down onto the table, spilling its contents in all directions. "You really are serious. Can you fight? Yes, what am I saying? Of course you can. May the gods be praised, I can smell a good blood-wager!"
	Publius wiped the beer off his chin, and stood up. "Oh, yes! We have plans to make, Chislon, good man. I bet you don't even know the Game Laws, do you? No, you already said you didn't. Well don't you worry about a thing. I'll explain it all. Yes, yes!" His stomach was bouncing against his knees as if he was a young man again, and each new idea caused him to hop from foot to foot as he tried to jump into the air.
	"We should contract you to fight a junior pit-slave first. You can fight him as if you didn't really know what a sword was for. That way no one will expect you to win the next fight, and we can ride through two blood-wagers. I can make a fortune—I mean, we can both make a fortune, you and I, Chislon. I can feel it in my bosom. I know it! I just know it!"
	"You just know what?" It was the Dragon.
	His body suddenly became heavy again. He lowered the leg that had been raised off the ground, and looked down at the beer splatters that now covered the clean floor. "Oh, nothing dear. We were, ah, we—it's a lovely morning isn't it?"
	She was smiling at him as she said, "You should take a bath, Publius Maximus Innus."
	What was that? She had used the respectful form of his name, and her voice had even sounded pleasant. He looked across at his Challenger, and then back at his wife. "Heh?" Publius straightened himself.
	The Dragon was fluttering her eyelids at his new employee. Quite obviously she was attracted to him, and Publius opened his mouth to say something; then realized how ludicrous she looked. He had not seen her do that fluttering thing for years, and he could not help himself. He burst out laughing.
	He laughed and laughed until his ribs ached, and until he could hardly breathe. This was going to be a splendid week, he told himself. He was already happier than a harlot in Hell.

~~~~~

	Publius looked his Challenger up and down, admiring his own handiwork. The Challenger's brightly colored garments rippled in the breeze, and his trident gleamed in the sunlight.
	Publius was of the most resolute opinion that the trident added dignity. It made his Challenger look heroic, despite his Challenger's stubborn refusal to hold the trident as he had been shown; tilted away from the torso like the great stone statues of former fighters that so proudly decorated these imposing Colosseum walls.
	To rent that trident, he had been forced to deduct a good sum from his Challenger's savings, but with the right wager they should soon win it back again. He pummeled his knuckles over his tunic, feeling the concealed moneybags. He did not like to carry so many coins in public, all of this eternal waiting was unbearably uncomfortable.
	They were being left to stand here, outside of the Game Masters' Gate, like common beggars. The gate-guards, mere architectural ornaments, had stared blankly as he explained who he was. Even the finery of his Challenger had not made an impression in their empty minds. He supposed that they had never seen a Challenger before, so he should probably not have expected their limited intelligence to accommodate such a momentus occasion, this was a formal visit by a Challenger's sponsor to their Game Masters' slave compound.
	His Challenger, on the other hand, did not seem at all embarrassed by the lack of acknowledgement. Chislon was busy examining the passing traffic as if he was searching for someone; but then, Chislon always seemed to be searching for someone, or something.
	The Plainman never lacked questions. He asked about everything, from the color of the lightning that had burned down the old City, to where the nearest bookseller might live. Books? What possible need could a fighter have with such miserable things? "Chislon, my boy. Don't you know that books are not good for a person's head?" Publius would turn his back and put his fingers in his ears. "You can catch all kinds of ailments from books. They can make a woman uppity, and a man old."
	He had taken Chislon to the local librarium several times before he had come to understand Chislon's strange perversion in this regard. Chislon did not read the disgusting things; it was the sour smell that he craved, flicking scrolls across his face like a prostitute with a fan. It took him only moments to reject each scroll, but he never did seem to find the elusive odor that he craved. No, these bizarre smellings inspired yet more irritating questions, and yet more of his foreign words, until the beer gods themselves would have had trouble providing answers.
	It was a blessing that his Challenger did not need to speak to earn money. Publius rubbed his moneybags again as he remembered how the traffic in his inn had increased since the bar-fights had stopped. Yes, there was value in an intimidating appearance, even if the man was as naive as a child's puppy.
	Four heavily armed centuries were approaching. Publius sighed as they marched up to them, stopped, and then turned to march back in the direction from which they had come. He was left to suppose that this mindless performance was an invitation to follow.
	"Excuse me! Are we going to, to, to...? Hello there?" The centuries kept marching, as if they were deaf as well as dumb. "Don't you know who I am? I registered this visit over a week ago, and so far I have not even received—"
	His annoyance dissipated as he found himself entering a large, dust-filled arena that contained a giant cage. The cage enclosed nine circular depressions; each depression had a pair of slaves in it, and each pair was cracking at each other with wooden sticks. This had to be one of the infamous practice pens, where pit-slaves were trained, but he had not imagined that it would smell this strongly of rotting meat and urine. It was not the exhilarating palace he had imagined, and he felt himself pale as he watched one of the slaves lose an eye.
	"Are you Publius?"
	"Yes!" He had yelped in reply like a strangled pup, and he tried to deepen his voice as he turned around. "I'm Publius."
	A man with a hideously distorted face was standing very close to his Challenger. The two fighters were inspecting each other like old enemies, and a chill ran up Publius' spine. This was Scarface, the most famous fighter in Erebus. He had often seen Scarface, from a distance, but he never been this close to the man. It was impossible to ignore the fact that Scarface looked more menacing than his Challenger.
	Publius bowed nervously, trying not to stare at Scarface's arms, one of which was even more muscular than the other. Old wounds and stitch-marks threaded together across Scarface's entire body; a man that looked like he had been made out of gnarled chunks of meat.
	"So, a parlor boy who wants to die." Scarface was also tall, but not nearly as tall as Chislon. "You are not a fighter. You will wish you had not wasted our time!"
	As Scarface turned away, a drop of saliva, or sweat, slapped onto Publius' cheek and he flinched as if it was acid. Staring at the lines on Scarface's departing back, Publius felt weak and unsteady. He was doubting the wisdom of his earlier plans, they seemed reckless, and besides, he had not seen Chislon in an actual fight, no, and especially not an actual fight with a pit-slave, so this Plainman could end up very dead, very quickly.
	"Don't forget—" Publius' hand was shaking as he covered his mouth "—you only need to survive two fights today. Don't do anything clever in your first fight, that fight should be against a novice. You are supposed to look like you won by accident, do you understand? We are going to bet the pouch on the second fight. That one will be against a full-status pit-slave, so it will have much better odds, against us, if you see what I mean. Two fights, then we leave, remember?"
	The centuries had moved to surround him and his last words were almost crushed out of him as they turned him around. Fortunately, they did not seem to notice his moneybags, but his relief immediately turned into anger as he was dumped out into the street, like horse excrement. He protested, but the centuries merely returned to their wall ornament duties, deaf and dumb.
	He picked himself up and wiped his sweaty palms on his buttocks. No amount of pushing could dislodge the lumpy grunt that clung to his throat. He needed a drink, very badly, and he needed time to think. Scarface had completely ignored him as he took control of his Challenger. Nothing was going the way he had expected.
	Fine statues stared down at him from their alcoves in Colosseum's immense wall. There were statues of dead heroes and dead champions, giants one and all, and somewhere up there he might one day be admiring the fine statue of his dead bar-boy. "Hah!"
	He shook his head. Maybe he would not bet anything on the first fight. Maybe he would just find out how good this Plainman really was before he bet anything at all. That way, if the Plainman lost, he could at least keep the unfortunate man's wages. He set himself toward the Colosseum entrance at his best speed, while hugging his ever more precious moneybags.

~~~~~

	Scarface had lived in the practice pens since he was ten years old. He had earned his freedom by the time he was thirteen, fighting fully-grown soldiers. Killing was a way of life for him; there was nothing else he could do and nowhere else for him to do it. In this god-forsaken place, he was respected in ways that outsiders would never understand.
	He had seen pit-slaves come and go, but only a handful, like himself, had ever risen above the torment of slavery. That handful would never dare to return to the practice pens, they had put this life far behind them. He was the only man who lived in a Game Master's compound by choice.
	He lived here because his reputation, his name, was all he had, and all he wanted. In here, he kneeled to no one, not even visiting Senators. The Emperor himself did not ask him to kneel. He would sooner die than kneel.
	He hated the Ixis; they were all kneelers; cowards, every last pathetic one of them!
	They seemed to be afraid of the pretty boy, too. Game Masters from some of the other compounds had started running around with white faces, as if the entire Empire was about to collapse. Only they could fear a muscle-brain in frilly clothing. There was not even a scratch on this Challenger; even a Game Master could see that this man was not a fighter.
	Yet, this was an officially registered Challenger, so some of those manipulative little snakes had to be up to something. Why else would they offend the Emperor like this? What could they possibly have to gain? The Game Laws were not what they used to be, the Emperor had been re-writing them for years. Ixis laws were there to protect those who made Ixis laws. If those laws had been written in stone, he would have become a Challenger himself, long ago.
	He sometimes wondered if some of the changes had not been inspired by his own threats to become a Challenger, or by his description of what he would do to those kneelers if he became Emperor himself.
	Unfortunately, the Emperor was now supposed to be a living god, so everyone was supposed to worship the senile old fool. If a mortal was seen to spill the fat of a god, the Temple-Masters would have an even harder time controlling the population; the Ixis government might even fall.
	Scarface lifted his arms to allow his attendants to attach his armored vest and thigh shields. He enjoyed the effect that his growling was having on them. As they fled from his practice pen like a flock of frightened birds, he pulled out his sword and pointed at one of them. That one fell to his knees, begging for mercy, but he did not wait for someone to throw the boy a weapon. He needed a target, not a practice opponent, so he prepared himself for the kill.
	He began a series of movements that took him into his own private space. A world full of fast memories and the tortured ghosts of countless opponents he had slaughtered. With seething focus he sliced and stabbed at their imaginary bodies, and each one retreated from him in fear. He flared his nostrils and pulled in the smell of death, inhaling the essence of each malignant spirit once again.
	Horns were sounding, inviting him to enter the arena. He stepped over the mutilated remains of the boy, and walked into the Colosseum through Freeman's Archway. He did not wish to think about how the Challenger might have survived, but there were several bodies lying in his path, as if the Challenger had survived several fights. The Challenger was staring down at one of the bodies, as if he had forgotten where he was. 
	The strange silence began to stir away as the crowd realized that the great Scarface had entered the arena. Drums and gongs began to summon up a cheer that grew deafening as he stepped out of the shadows of the Colosseum's huge sun-sails. The sound of his name began to chant with increasing volume. The adoration was seductive, and he wanted to wave, but he pushed them all from his thoughts; he had a job to do.
	Again, the cold concentration returned, separating the noise around him from the task before him. He cared only about the forthcoming death of this new opponent. Meanwhile, the Challenger remained still, without reacting to his approach in any way, still staring at the dead bodies around them.
	"Greetings Challenger." Scarface waited until the Challenger looked up, but the lack of reaction continued. A normal man would be terrified by now. Most would be hiding their fear behind a mask of anger and hatred. Yet, this stone-faced foreigner seemed completely unconcerned, which was intriguing. Did the man not care whether he lived or died?
	Scarface waved his sword between them, and watched the man's eyes. The eyes seemed to betray some nervousness, moving rapidly over his limbs like those of a bird. Scarface smiled, and added a few unnecessary movements to his dance, still watching to see what else those eyes might betray.
	The man's clothing consisted of several layers of lightweight cloth. He had a matching skirt over a pair of what looked like riding britches. These britches stretched ludicrously around his upper quadriceps, and they did not go any lower than his knees. The clothing did not fit his unusual size, but who was to say what the fashion might be, wherever he came from.
	There was not a straight line of stitching on any part of his clothing, and the hem looked uneven and stained as if the tailor had sewn it with bleeding fingers. Perhaps this strange man had made his own clothes. This was getting more unusual by the moment.
	"You are very pretty. Were you a lady's pet?"
	Still there was no reaction, no sign of life. He knew that some slaves could be pushed to a point where they no longer cared to be alive, but such men did not make good fighters. What were the Game Masters playing at? Unfortunately, there was little time for talk; the crowd was getting restless.
	"Keep your trident up!" He had shouted this quickly, to see if the arms would twitch. Kneelers nearly always reacted to loud instructions, as if by instinct, especially if they were nervous. This was no exception, the trident moved, but pitifully slowly, as if the man was exhausted. The trident kept rising until it was balanced over the head like a lady's hairpiece.
	The Challenger's fighting stance was too heavy on the rear leg. Also, the left hand was tensed into a C-shape on the end of an arm that stretched out like a token offering. Scarface resisted the temptation to slice it off. First he was going to play with the man, while he pulled some answers out of him.
	Scarface sliced the air with a casual swing, aiming to miss the man's nose by a hand-width, and a hand-width was all he missed by. The man did not even back away. Could he not have noticed the blade passing across his gaze. He had not even blinked.
	"Before I kill you, butterfly, let's get to know each other a little. Where are you from?"
	"Hell."
	"Very funny, but you will not live very long if you keep giving me answers like that."
	Scarface's opponent had been sliding closer like a snake in a trance, but the trident continued to float over the man's head. Scarface stepped sideways to exaggerate his inspection of his his snake, but his patronizing tones had no effect. "Your face is as empty as a dead man's, but you are not as dead as you wish to appear. I can see your fear, but you don't have to die slowly, and painfully, if you answer my questions. Which Game Master is sponsoring this foolishness?"
	The Challenger was moving like a ghost in a breeze. There was no sign of the muscular over-tension typical in most fighters, and there was an interesting grace to the stance transitions. There could be some skill in this opponent, but Scarface was losing patience.
	"Answer me, damn you!" He feigned another strike to the face and curved his sword back into the forward kneecap. He knew immediately that he was in trouble. His sword had again missed by a finger-width, both face and knee, and the Challenger had not yet used his trident. Scarface's upper body had been left exposed by the momentum of his last swing, and his sword had moved out of the parrying area. Fortunately, the Challenger was too slow to press him backward. This was a common mistake for a less experienced fighter.
	"Answer me, Challenger!" There was still no reaction, so, without hesitation, Scarface dropped a vertical strike, followed by several powerful chops into the Challenger's headspace. Each time he would just miss his target, until the last strike contacted with the Challenger's trident, giving a satisfying rasp of metal along metal.
	Then the Challenger seemed to come alive, moving with such speed that Scarface did not know what had happened. He felt himself being tossed into the air like a stick, and then something smashed into his jaw as he descended. He fell into the dust with the crowd's silence ringing in his ears. The Challenger was standing above him as if he had never moved.
	Scarface checked to see if his jaw was broken. "Perhaps you did come from Hell, after all. I can see that I shall not win this fight." His legs lay spread out before him and he made no attempt to move them. This Challenger was making him look like a rag doll.
	"Then we shall agree that I have won." The Challenger was not even breathing heavily.
	Scarface pointed his sword at his opponent, and slowly stood up. This was a valid Challenger by any measure. Nobody was trained this well without a very serious plan in mind. If the Game Laws had not been twisted years ago, then this Colosseum could now be looking at their next Emperor. However, things did not work that way anymore. It all smelled too clever for mere civilians, perhaps the Challenger's true sponsor was organizing a military coup behind this Challenger as a figurehead. A Legate had to be involved in this somewhere. How else could such a fighter be trained?
	"I kneel to you." Scarface shuffled his feet, as if he was about to do such an unimaginable thing. The Challenger lowered the points of his trident to the ground, and Scarface waited until the man was looking away. Then he stabbed forward. There could be only one survivor.
	That was Scarface's last living thought.

~~~~~

	No one had watched the Challenger's fights more intensly than one blonde-haired slave called Merab. Never before, in his years of watching such things, had he seen a fighter cause such disruption among the Game Masters. Nor had he seen his own master, Cicero, exhibit such fear. 
	The Challenger had continued to win victories without seeming to expend any effort, and Cicero had greeted each victory with increasing panic. Yet, Merab had barely been able to contain his excitement. When the Challenger defeated Scarface, the whole Colosseum had erupted, and if Cicero had not cried out in shock, Merab might easily have forgotten his place—Merab had been one breath away from shouting a congratulation to the Challenger, and that would have been a suicidal mistake.
	Cicero had voiced fierce accusations as if he was convinced that all of the other Game Masters had conspired against him to sponsor the Challenger. He had threatened to have them all killed, to protect the Emperor. It had been a viscious reaction, but then, Cicero was visciously paranoid.
	One thing was certain. Challenger Chislon had defeated the most skillful sword-fighter in Erebus as easily as one might swat a fly, and Merab could guess what that would mean. The Emperor was even more paranoid than Cicero; so thousands of people could be executed for suspected treason. Of course, the Challenger would disappear as mysteriously as he had appeared, never to be seen again.
	He was wasting his free time, thinking about Cicero's problems rather than his own. He checked to see that the yard was empty, then stepped into one of the slave pens and pulled a broken broom handle out from under the hay.
	One day he would be using a real sword, and he would join his sister in their war against the Ixis. However, until that day, he had to make do with a dream and a wooden stick. He was Cicero's best slave, and he made himself that way so that he might remain with Cicero when his master retired. Cicero had many coastal villas, and any one of which would be easier to escape from than Erebus. While he stayed in Erebus, all he could do was thrash away at a hayrick.
	The Challenger's technique continued to elude him, as it had for days now. It was one of many speeds, from slow, deliberate, and balanced, to fast and...he fell over again. It was awkward, practicing on straw.
	His mind so often wandered away from his training, forcing him to pull his attention back into the task at hand. He would be angry with himself, and his limbs would stiffen. He so desperately needed to learn how to remain relaxed, without tripping over his own emotions, but relaxation ran contrary to the strength that came when he was filled with blinding fury.
	He picked himself up and dusted away the straw, checking again to make sure that he was still alone. Here he was, thrashing around and falling over like a newborn foal, but one thought of Summerdale…the memory of the laughing soldier had caught him, and his broom handle splintered into pieces as he attacked the hayrick.
	"Merab, what are you doing?"
	He spun around. It was Cicero.
	"Sorry, Master. I was just cleaning."
	"But this is your free time."
	"Ah, yes, but I noticed that the pens were dirty. Pit-slaves don't clean things as well as I do, Master."
	"Yes, but they don't try to scare the dirt away either. You were fighting your ghosts again, weren't you, my boy?"
	"Ghosts, Master? I don't believe in ghosts. The gods—"
	"You don't believe in the gods, either." Cicero lifted his walking stick as if he was inviting Merab to play-fight, although it would mean death to even pretend to strike a Senator. "Your people only have one God, don't they?"
	"Oh, but Master, there are so many people in the Empire, and so few gods to go around, and with everyone needing so many gods—it's just like you always say, Master, the more a person worships, the more insurance they earn for themselves for their after-life. Isn't that so, Master?"
	"Hah, but some people think that we have more gods than a dog has fleas. Surely it is time that we got rid of a few of them. Perhaps we should limit ourselves to just one? What do you think of that idea, my boy?"
	Merab hesitated.
	"Do you disagree, boy?"
	"I, ah, I think that a dog has more fleas than there are gods."
	Cicero smiled, but only briefly. "Where did you learn such diplomacy? Not in the desert—that is where you were born, was it not?"
	"Yes, Master."
	"Have you ever heard of a Warlady called Neariah?"
	Merab coughed. "No, I never heard—except for the rumors, and the stories."
	Cicero moved closer, his walking stick still lifted like a sword. Merab stood still and looked away, knowing that retreat would only bring a worse beating, but Cicero was merely examining him. It seemed like ages before the stick lowered, yet the inspection continued.
	"Is something wrong, Master?"
	"Why do you suppose that every person in Erebus who is called Merab might have been summoned to an audience with the Legate Principia?"
	"I don't know, Master."
	"These days, the Legate Principia is even more powerful than a Senator, Merab. Do you know that?"
	"No, Master." Merab swallowed hard. What did this mean?
	"I can not refuse to let you go, can I?"
	"Master?"
	"Should I beat you until I find out why you are so important to the Legate, Merab?"
	"No, Master. The Legate could be looking for anyone called Merab, Master. I am not special."
	Cicero was nodding. "No, I don't suppose that you are." Gradually he began to chuckle, as if he found his own suspicions increasingly amusing. "I want you to go along with those guards over there. Take this letter with you and give it to the Legate, with my respects. Oh, and make sure that you mind your manners; Legate Principia Vibius will not be as tolerant as I am with your insolence."
	"Yes, Master." Merab took the letter and waited for permission to leave.
	A Legate? Why would they send a mere slave to deliver—?
	"Go, go! Hurry! Do not keep the Legate waiting!"
	Merab dropped the broken broom handle and ran toward the waiting guards. There was a two-horse chariot waiting in the street, and he was thrown against the feet of its driver. Behind them he counted twenty riders, lined up and waiting, just for him. The column rode along the street at great speed, and there was not a person who did not look up to see who he might be to require such an escort.
	He had spent many years knowing that this moment might come, ever since he had learned what his sister had become. He had never doubted that Warlady Neariah was his sister; it was a knowledge that he could feel in every bone in his body, as only a twin-sibling could. If he was free, he would be a Warlord himself, fighting for God, Summerdale and freedom.
	Such were the angry thoughts that made him breath heavily as chains were attached to his slave collar. Strangely, he was not as afraid to die as he had imagined he would be.
	He was led into the Inner City with his eyes wide and his heart pounding. It was a place where marble columns lined cobbled streets, where fat people wore ornate robes embroidered in red and gold, and it was also a place from which slaves never emerged to tell outsiders what they may have seen. He knew that these would probably be the last sights that he would ever see.
	He was hauled up the white steps of a vastly tall building that displayed its identity with huge letters carved into its granite fascia; the Sixth Legion's Legate Principia. The mighty columns rose up to support an enormous hall with a ceiling full of arches. He stared up at this impossibly heavy ceiling, expecting its mosaic gods to come crashing down upon him.
	The clinking echoes from his slave chains reminded him to look where he was going and he followed in step with his escort. He was being taken to a small office that was barely more than an alcove in one of the giant walls. Behind the table sat an officer that Merab did not look at, because he was staring at the man who was standing in the back corner of the office, wearing the uniform of an Ixis guard.
	"You are Merab?"
	Merab looked down at the officer. "Ah, Master?" He remembered to kneel, but as he did so he bowed his head to one side so that he could continue to examine the Ixis guard.
	"Give me that letter."
	"But it is for Legate Vibius, Master. I have instructions—"
	"I am the Legate."
	"Oh. Yes, Master." Merab quickly pushed the letter across the desk, and watched as the Legate unrolled it. He had never seen a Legate before, but it was the Ixis guard that he was still more interested in. The guard looked like the Challenger, who else could be so huge?
	Why was the Challenger wearing the insignia of Personal Guard in the Ixis Sixth Legion? Had the Challenger been an Ixis soldier all along? He had often wondered why the legions, with so many professional fighters, were so reluctant to send fighters to the Games.
	It had been many years since the legions had brought forward a hero. It suggested that they did not have a single soldier in any of their ranks to match a pit-slave. The legions relied on battles to make heroes, but even in battle these days the legions were lacking heroes. All of the returning legions brought news of cities captured, but not of battles, because the Outlanders avoided such massive confrontations.
	Could the Emperor have sponsored a Challenger himself, drawing the man from his own legions, just to give the people a new hero? Had this been the Emperor's way to teach the Game Masters a lesson, by killing off all their best fighters? He should have known that a Challenger, appearing suddenly from nowhere, was too good to be true. Nobody was foolish enough to challenge the Emperor's right to be Emperor.
	As the Legate finished reading, Merab was careful to be looking straight ahead, just like the Ixis Guard.
	"Chislon, you generated some respectable interest. How do you suppose that the honorable Cicero would know about your recent induction into the Sixth? Who would have told him?"
	The Ixis Guard remained silent and still, but it was not until Merab drew his gaze away from the unmoving face that he realized the question had been directed at himself. "Uh, I don't know, Master—ah—Legate—ah—Sir."
	"Don't you?" Legate Vibius' dark eyebrows pinched into his heavily grooved forehead, widening the whites of his eyes. It was an expression that Merab knew only too well. It meant that he was about to feel pain; but surely Vibius would not have one of Cicero's slaves tortured.
	The Legate suddenly smiled. "Ah, I see that you are starting to think like a slave again. You have been spoiled, it seems. Your life has been too soft under Cicero. It is time for you to go back to where you came from. Time for you to go home. What do you think of that, Merab?"
	"I don't understand."
	"No, but you will, soon enough. Chislon, throw this slave into the cage-wagon."
	The Ixis Guard saluted fist to chest, like any other mindless Ixis would, and then walked Merab out into the central hall again. Several other guards fell in behind them as they started down the steps toward a cage-wagon parked below.
	Merab struggled to gain the tall guard's eye, but the guard stared forward without any apparent interest in talking. "Master Challenger, you fought better than I have ever seen a warrior fight. Why would a warrior become an Ixis soldier, and a personal guard for that—for that Legate?" Merab asked.
	The guard did not speak until they reached the cage-wagon, at which point he replied, "Research."
	"Research? Research for what?"
	The guard squinted at him, as if he was remembering a distant pain. "Freedom."
	"Researching freedom? Well, you won't find freedom in that uniform. If you serve gods that sanction slavery, then you have already damned yourself." Merab backed into the cage and slammed it shut. The guard continued to stare at him through the lattice as he locked the bolt-bar. Then the guard spoke.
	"I am damned anyway." The guard's jaw muscles tensed. "The archives showed me that...one day, a Warlord will come, a kind Warlord, more noble than any who have ever lived, a giant man. He will build an army of free people, warriors. He will bring peace, he will bring an end to slavery, and he will bring an end to the war of the gods."
	Merab stared at the guard with wide eyes. "Where did you hear those words? Who said them to you?" The dreams that those words had once inspired still remained in him after a lifetime, but he had never repeated them to anyone. The guard was turning away, but Merab continued to call out as the large man stepped back up toward the giant columns.
	"Who did you talk to? Who else survived—?"
	The Ixis guard had gone, but something had remained behind that could not be constrained by the cold iron bars of his cage. The guard must have talked to his sister to be able to say what had just been said. There was no other way for him to know about that crazy old man's story.
	Perhaps this was his sister's way of getting a message to him, to tell him that he would soon be free to join her. Perhaps that Ixis guard was really an Outlander, a spy, or someone who might one day serve him, when he became Warlord Merab.
	Yet, that guard looked too evil to be his sister's messenger. Even so, he could feel her presence so much more intensely than usual. She was alive, she lived to fight, he was certain of that, and he would not let her down. She was a Warlady, and one day, by the grace of God, they would fight together!


B3: SAVING GRACE

	Heat pounded the ground. The Sixth Legion had been traveling east across the blasting sand, without anything to look at but the sun, for nearly thirty days. Before this they had spent fifty days marching through the farmlands of the eastern provinces, between villages that had been forced to supply the legion with food, little of which now remained in the wagons.
	They had not known, while they were in farm-country, how relentless their Legate would become when the desert started to surround them. It had been a miserable march. Yet, there was no cheering as their destination began to stretch across the horizon.
	A thin green line had cunningly slipped out from between the endless smear of the desert and the endless smear of the sky. For many hours the soldiers watched that green line becoming a forest and the end of the desert.
	Despite aching legs, the command to halt was not greeted with cheers either. They wanted to enter the forest immediately, heat and constant motion had taken its toll on what little water remained. The forest promised fresh water, in harsh contrast to the acrid swill in the barrel-carts. 
	It took many soldier to restrain the mules that were pulling those barrel-carts. The temperamental beasts also wanted to maintain a half-living stupor, resisting any change of pace or direction. Their doleful clamor was the final groan of the legion coming to a halt.
	There was not one soldier who had not realized that failure to gain a stronghold in the forest would mean a desert retreat, without provisions. Of course, the possibility of losing a battle did not ignite much concern in such a formidable legion. While the last dregs of the gritty water were distributed along the columns, the soldiers scattered to lie down on the sand. Apart from an occasional loud outburst, most lay in silent contemplation, swallowing and anticipating the coming battle.
	The spoils of victory would be many, but water was not at the top of their list. The Ixis Sacramentum, the soldier's oath, contained the saying: "after the fire we poke the ashes". This meant that a soldier was at liberty to do what he would with the captured female warriors, but only after the battle had concluded. No soldier would consider "poking ashes" until the fire had died down, and the Legate had declared victory.
	Female warriors were unique to the Outland armies, which is what made the Outlanders so much more interesting to fight. Every soldier had been briefed about how dangerous these females could be, a lesson that had caused many to laugh at their training officers.
	"Ashes" then were the top concern of each man, and each cohort of men, since all cohorts thought and acted alike. Uniformity bound together the brotherhood of the ten cohorts of Legate Vibius' Sixth Legion, the uniform sharing of ashes.
	Vibius surveyed the enormous columns, as he galloped back toward the cohort of his personal guard. He selected several other officers as he rode, aiming at them with his sword. Chislon was the last selected. These officers then rode into a ring around Vibius to listen to his instructions.
	"The Woodsfolk may send out one of their leaders to talk to us. They will expect us to demand an open battle in the desert. That is not part of our attack plan, but I wish to maintain the impression that we are indeed inviting them out of hiding for such an engagement. So, you will each tie your weapons behind you, out of sight. If I reach for mine, like this, it is a signal to all of you to capture the leader, and kill his escort. Choose your opponent with precision. Remember, we need to keep the leader alive for questioning, and I do not forgive mistakes." Vibius' horse reared backward, pushing apart the tightly bunched group, and they all followed him toward the trees.
	A small number of Woodsfolk had collected in front of the tree line and they were mounting horses. Vibius counted and smiled. The Woodsfolk were wasting an opportunity to outnumber his party, which showed how inexperienced their leader must be. Also, the Woodsfolk rode without any recognizable formation, as if this was a social engagement.
	Before the two groups were even within shouting range, Vibius lifted his hands away from his body to demonstrate that they were not armed. The Woodsfolk suddenly halted, as if surprised, then one of their party gathered up their weapons and took them back to the forest. Vibius smiled again.
	The Woodsfolk were all dressed alike, in shapeless green cloth that had no markings to suggest who the leader might be. One of the Woodsfolk had long, flying hair, but he could not see whether this individual was male or female. He, or she, was raising a hand to indicate that the Ixis should also halt. Vibius circled his hands in the air to show that he did not understand the request, and continued to ride closer. He glanced back over his concealed sword, receiving respectful acknowledgements from each of his officers, except from Chislon who seemed to be hanging back.
	"You are close enough!" It was not the leader who shouted.
	"We will only speak with your Warlord!" Vibius shouted back, causing his horse's ears to twitch back and forth. He could sense the animal's unease, it knew his impatience.
	The leader's white stallion stepped forward, and again its silent rider raised a hand. Vibius exhaled a long and controlled sigh, and gradually slowed his own shivering mount to a halt.
	"Who are you?" The authority in the lead rider's command was plainly audible, but more audible still was the fact that this individual was not a man, but a woman.
	"I am Legate Principia Vibius Maximus Legatus, Legate of The Sixth Legion, commander of the desert provinces, special envoy from Emperor Quintus Tullius Erebic. Who are you?"
	"I am Neariah." 
	Vibius nodded to himself. How could things get any better? He turned toward his officers and whispered. "That one must be captured alive at all costs. She is not to be harmed. Is that understood?" The officers nodded again, except Chislon, and Vibius squinted at him. It had been his plan to send the Challenger ahead to begin the slaughter, and then send the rest of his officers in to join him if necessary. The addition of Neariah herself to the welcoming party made this a much more significant test of the Challenger.
	He put his hands to his face and started to shout again. "As Legate of this—" No, this was not the way it was going to be. It would be so easy to ride up alone so that he could take a closer look at that woman. He had planned for her to become an item of trade with which to buy favor with the Emperor. Alternatively, he was no less inspired by the idea that he might retain ownership of the woman himself, if she was really as beautiful as she was reputed to be.
	He whispered over his shoulder, "May I remind you, gentlemen, that these people use poisoned blow-darts—a weapon that can be more easily concealed than a sword, and it is deadly at short range."
	Any one of those Woodsfolk would probably give their lives for an opportunity to prematurely end his career. He was, after all, the most significant person in this battle. Thus, it would be unwise to let himself get much closer until he was sure that they had not concealed weapons.
	He whispered over his shoulder again. "When we capture her, the other warriors will fight to the death to save her. Take no chances. She must not be allowed to escape, and she must remain alive." He frowned. How many times had he repeated this instruction to them?
	"Chislon, ride up to her and keep her talking, while we spread out to flank you. Tell her that we will wait until dawn tomorrow, at which time we will expect her army to have assembled in front of the trees." Vibius looked hard into the guard's eyes, but as the guard rode past him, there were no clues to show what the guard might be thinking.

~~~~~

	Now, at long last, the two were facing each other. One whose stoic face showed only a steadfast squint, and one whose sun-bronzed complexion was beginning to flush, behind the wisps of fine hair that stroked gracefully across her cheeks.
	Her eyebrows pinched together, as if to imply that her face could be even more beautiful with a smile upon it. The eyebrows, slightly darker than the golden hair, arched flawlessly toward prominent cheekbones, framing eyes that glowed silky-blue.
	These eyes were pulling at Chislon like the hug of a summer's dream. His gods had played that summer's dream to him but once, yet he had remembered every detail of it. That dream had drawn its splendid rays upon the seedship's alien whiteness as a flower might draw itself up from the sand. 
	For most of his life he had been constantly prepared to be terminated, because the gods cast all imperfections into oblivion. He had discovered imperfections, and with such weaknesses it was only rational to expect that one of the others would be selected for the mission in his place.
	Yet that dream had given him a will to survive that was not so rational. In that dream, it had been a God-given right to be born free. Those relentless artificial days had been torture, but in Hell he had been teased with a small token of Heaven, and because of that he had survived. 	In that Heavenly dream he had been shown minds of many colors, each imperfect, yet each sharing a God that was proud of them.
	It had seemed profoundly sensible that all minds might share a single God—a greater God than any of the gods that had sparked him into being; a God that had shone through Neariah as she shared her soul with everyone she touched.
	And here she shone. She was all that he had ever imagined, and more. If he died now, he would have succeeded in doing what he had so often promised himself that he would do. He had seen that she was real, and thus her God must be also be real, even if It could not be as beautiful as Its own creation.
	She was almost smiling at him, but this was probably as close as he would ever get to sharing her God with her. This moment was all he had lived for, and he had not imagined anything more. Beyond this, no darkness would be completely dark, and he would always know that there was good in this Universe. He felt humbled before the woman of his dream.
	The eyes looked past his shoulder, toward something that was behind him, and he stiffened in his saddle. "So, you are a personal guard. Do you belong to that Legate?" Her voice was soft, as if offering condolence.
	He cleared a dry throat, something that he had never had to do before. "I am Chislon."
	She laughed, her eyes sparkling in the sunlight. "That means hope. It is not an Ixis name. Where are you from?"
	"I am—ah—a Plainman."
	This time she raised her eyebrows. "A Plainman? Your people were quick to change allegiance when the Ixis attacked you. Where is the honor in turning your back on those who still fight for your freedom?"
	He could feel the blood vessels in his face rushing oxygen to facial muscles that strained to remain inactive. His cheeks were probably as red as hers. "I do not understand...freedom."
	"Then what do you understand?"
	"I understand that...you love your brother—"
	"Merab?"
	The color drained out of her face, and her eyes widened, showing an emotion that had not been part of the Summerdale archive. He could feel his own skin becoming cold, as the harshness in her expression threatened to show him things that he did not want to see.
	The innocence that her face had possessed, like that of a child, was fading. He had fought through light-years to find an angel that could not be corrupted, a child of a God who loved everything, no matter how imperfect it may be, but there was anger in this angel....
	He heard himself say. "Merab is safe. Legate Vibius has—"
	The interruption was a series of rasping shocks, followed by the battle cry of Ixis soldiers, "Deus Mortis!"
	Yet, it was the sudden vulnerability in her eyes, and not the strangely removed sound of thumping hooves, which eventually caused him to draw his sword. She gasped, as she watched him pull it out from behind his back. Her eyes flashed at him as if she had just realized how unimaginably evil he was. Then she leaned her stallion around tightly and launched it off into a spirited gallop.
	The Woodsfolk's horses were fresher and they were agile riders, but the Ixis were determined. Chislon was immediately overtaken, and he fell further and further behind the other Ixis. Yet, Vibius' growl of frustration was plainly audible as the Woodsfolk began to get away.
	One of the Woodsfolk was suddenly thrown to the sand by a stumbling horse. The young Woodsman picked himself up and stood facing the onrushing Ixis with his head held high. He held both of his hands out, empty, as each officer hammered past him, slicing him with the tip of a sword.
	Before Chislon had reached him, the Woodsman had fallen to his knees, no longer able to stand. Pieces of his flesh hung from him like bloated leaches, sucking the life from him. His blood was pouring into the sand, but he was not crying out, despite his obvious pain.
	Instead, he was looking at Chislon with a smile on his face, as if there was nothing that Chislon could possibly do to him that he could not forgive. Chislon jumped from his horse, landing in front of the Woodsman, his sword at the ready in case the Woodsman should retaliate.
	The Woodsman merely smiled again. "Must I die the death of a thousand screaming shocks? If you have any kindness in you, please free my soul from this torment." The other Ixis were circling around with swords raised high in the air.
	"Why do you smile?"
	"In death I touch my God, but in death you will leave yours behind. My God can be yours too, if ever you learn how to smile as I do."
	The sounds of shrieking officers were upon them. Chislon pushed the sword into the Woodsman's chest, and it slipped wetly out of the man as he fell away, his eyes closed and his smiling face slammed into the sand.
	The officers galloped past, most of them cursing loudly, but Chislon was instead looking toward the trees. She was standing beside her white stallion, just outside the tree line. For a moment she remained there, staring directly at him, while his bloody sword hung in his hand. Then she pulled her horse away through the trees.
	"That might be how the Game works in the Colosseum, Challenger, but war is not a game." Vibius' was looking down at him, and the other officers were shaking their heads in disgust. "I am still watching you. You are not an Ixis yet!"
	Chislon did not acknowledge the warning as he remounted his horse. He could feel Vibius staring at him as they rode back to the waiting legion. He had to remember to relax his face, to prevent Vibius' inspection from gaining any information about his racing thoughts. 
	Uncontrollable thoughts had often sought to overcome him, but this time they seemed too illusive to be grasped or wrestled aside. The only way that he knew to fight against such thoughts was to retreat into self-analysis. So, as Vibius watched, he laid out each thought in sequential order for isolation and dissection, like the trembling organs of a laboratory rat.
	Most of his thoughts had been psychosomatic responses to the recent socio-metric interaction. They had reached peak intensity during his extraneous analysis of the female. During this extraneous analysis, he had not detected a decrease in environmental illumination, yet his irises had dilated. His systolic-diastolic cycles had increased in frequency, resulting in higher blood-oxygen levels than he would have anticipated for such basal bioactivity.
	A further anatomical inconsistency lay in the sudden contraction of his cremaster muscles, a movement that could not have been attributed to wind-related transience in the ambient air, because these muscles had been surrounded by the thermal insulation of his saddle.
	While assimilating the female, there had also been an increased rate of cross-association between his encephalic neuro-fibrils. This had induced an unprecedented migration of impulses from cortex neurogenisis to limbic axons, accelerating synapse reconfiguration. Yet, all of this had now decelerated, leaving a sensation in his mind that he could only label as numbness.
	There had also been a cutaneous vascular activity, a heating sensation, especially over his face. This was undoubtedly the dominant residual from the presented stimulant, and the label for the stimulant?
	Neariah. The name of a female that had not threatened him, and who had spoken less than ten sentences to him. Was it conceivable that some obscure psychogenetic instinct may have impeded his subconscious functionality? Was it just her appearance? What made a female appear attractive?
	She obviously occupied an elite social status, and successful females would presumably be more desirable because they were physically stronger, or because they were better equipped to ensure future security for offspring. Her intelligence could also be—but now he was assigning attributes to an adult that he knew almost nothing about. He was creating conflicting beliefs with unsupported speculation, a cognitive dissonance.
	Yet, she could certainly have projected other physical assets to attract him. He had seen some of her muscles, especially as he allowed his eyes to travel down the front of her tunic—no, it had to be something more substantial than those...assets.
	Merab was not attractive to him, but Neariah was, so he tried to itemize dissimilarities between the two very similar faces. Yet, the comparison merely increased his confusion and he decided to abandon it in favor of a more macro-sociological approach.
	Generally, a society would consider some of its population to be beautiful and others ugly. It would be reasonable to assume that the standards by which a person judged beauty would be encoded into that person's genes by evolution. Reproductive strategies would need to remain adaptive, and interpretation of beauty would probably differ between cultures and between generations within a culture. Consequently, beauty would be an attribute that would not be absolute, but instead relative to psychogenetic, sociological and environmental norms. Unfortunately, his own exposure to such norms had been uniquely limited.
	Publius had once stated that Warlady Neariah was reputed to be physically desirable, so was it possible that he had absorbed certain opinions about beauty from Publius? The landlord had also suggested that everyone ought to be addicted to a toxic substance, but he had not absorbed that opinion.
	He was not equipped to understand natural physiological interactions between a male and a female. It was an area of knowledge that he just did not have. Yet, the sudden desire to obtain such knowledge could only have been caused by this particularly cumbersome interest in this specific female. He was consumed by an inexplicable need for her presence.
	Neariah was not supposed to be part of his planetary mission. He had already left Erebus without finding any evidence of the resident seedship that he was supposed to destroy. His current activities were not authorized. A sentient being should be immune to ephemeral charms. Yet his own self-analysis was causing such aggressive over-correction that instead of temporarily suspending the problem, he seemed to be amplifying its significance.
	The quest to find her had been the only activity that he had ever undertaken that could truly be called his own, and now he did not know how to let go of it. There had to be a reason for the existence of this Universe, and she was his only key to finding any kind of answer.

~~~~~

	The Emperor had been undecided about whether they should kill Chislon immediately, or wait until the strange man's sponsor had been found. Several individuals had claimed the prize money; mostly insane beggars, none of whom had been very convincing. So, Vibius had asked the Emperor if he could interrogate the Challenger personally. It had only taken a few moments to realize that Chislon would not speak if tortured, and so he had decided to pursue a more subtle strategy.
	If a sponsor had secretly trained one such fighter, then other fighters could also have been trained. There could be stables full of potential Challengers waiting to embarrass the Empire. The Emperor had not been impressed with Vibius' meager findings, and a most unpleasant conversation had ensued.
	He had told the Emperor that the Challenger was supposed to be a Plainman, who had come all the way from the Northern Plains to enroll as a bar-boy in the most disgusting inn that the outer sector had to offer. The Challenger's employer had turned out to be one Publius Maximus Innus.
	That barrel of fat had also claimed to be Chislon's trainer, but the coward had soon changed his mind. Begging for his life, he had produced an extraordinarily large moneybag, and that is when Vibius had realized how clever the real sponsor was being. Publius Maximus Innus had not know why he was being punished, and he was too afraid to lie. His complete lack of understanding indicated that he was the real sponsor's unwitting puppet, but who was the real sponsor? Who was this individual that had shaken a whole Empire?
	Within Erebus, the now famous foreigner could not have been disposed of without causing suspicion. Instead, Vibius had been forced to invite the dubious Plainman into the Sixth Legion.
	The Emperor believed that there was no better way to assassinate a troublemaker than during a military campaign; legionary soldiers disappeared all the time.
	Of course, he has sworn to the Emperor that the Challenger would not cause further embarrassment, because Chislon would die in an unfortunate accident as soon as they left Erebus. Yet, Chislon remained alive. It was Vibius' own curiosity that had prolonged Chislon's life, along with the assumption that Chislon could be of little harm while surrounded by an entire legion. Unfortunately, Chislon's pathetic behavior with that Warlady had proven him wrong.
	He had just given Chislon a verbal whipping that would have left any other man gasping for mercy, but not the Challenger. This time Vibius had been humiliated by his own outburst. His most senior officers were looking away, as if trying not to notice the total lack of control that he had over this upstart.
	Chislon had allowed the Woodsfolk to see danger, and Vibius had lost valuable information about the enemy's defenses when that Woodsman had been killed instead of captured. Had the Challenger forgotten what Vibius had told him about making mistakes? Yet, for a brief a moment as they rode back, he had seen the key that he had been looking for. There had been movement in the man's face, an expression of confusion, like a man staring at his own death.
	Every man's weakness can be found, eventually. Every man has feelings. How could a man not have feelings after talking to that particular woman? There, in the Challenger's reaction, Vibius had caught a glimpse of the man's true soul, a delicate heart that Vibius intended to rip out of him this very night. Such was the punishment for mistakes.
	A barricade of supply wagons had already been parked around the periphery of the camp. Their enemy might be but an ill-disciplined band of peasants, but there was a risk that the enemy would attack. For this reason, he inspected the entire legion before he waved his escort away. He enjoyed watching the precision with which his legion had redeployed itself, creating an instant fortress with carts, tents, armaments, and provisions. Even so, most of these activities were just to keep the soldiers busy, while they waited for nightfall. He had no intention of using this camp for accommodation.
	He had gained many territories in his career, but none as important as this. All too often he had returned to Erebus to discover that the places he had captured were too remote for the Emperor to care about. Yet, glory dictated that one had to capture a famous city, and in the Outlands there were few ot these; only peasant villages, very small peasant villages.
	This time was different. Somewhere beyond the tree line was a village to equal a city, a hidden village called Godsmouth. The Emperor called it the missing leaf in his crown. It was going to serve as their first campaign headquarters, not just because of its excellent strategic location, but because its capture would terrify the Outlanders. It was the home of one of their precious Outland Councils, a Council that was audacious enough to station its army too close to the Empire's border.
	The Woodsfolk probably felt safe, believing that his legion was not trained for woodland combat. However, tonight they were going to meet the most thoroughly trained legion in the entire Ixis Empire. Soon he would be returning to Erebus with the news of victory still ringing in everyone's ears, and he would be dragging behind him a very special prisoner.
	Vibius licked his lips. The female warriors were to be captured where possible, not killed, especially any that might resemble Warlady Neariah. He did not doubt his soldiers' desire to keep the female warriors alive; they valued ash-poking more than financial rewards. Yet Neariah was to be an exception, she was to be reserved for himself, and later for the Emperor, so the ash-poking would not begin until Neariah was in his personal possession. Any soldier who made the mistake of snuffing out the warlady's flame would pay dearly.
	Before midnight, his attack cohorts would be shown a living likeness of Neariah. If Cicero's information was to be trusted, the stable-slave that they had brought along with them was the warlady's twin brother, Merab.
	Then, as an added bonus, he would also be able to see whether Chislon had feelings for Neariah. Vibius was going to order the Challenger to kill Merab by inflicting the death of a thousand screaming shocks, during which perhaps, the Challenger would show some emotional vulnerability.

~~~~~

	Blurred by the desert's heat haze, a man stood alone, watching the Ixis camp as its soldiers flashed their war-metal. He was wrapped in a white sheet, which rustled in the wind like a flag. From out of this sheet protruded a hairless head without eyebrows or eyelashes, and with skin as smooth and unblemished as the desert sky.
	The man was swaying from side to side, humming to himself, as one might if one were deeply troubled. His eyes looked ancient, but fiery like the sun and his frown was that of a caretaker forbidden to care, a naturalist forbidden to interfere with Nature, a storyteller who could not speak.
	He looked down at his bare feet and whispered, reciting ancient verses from another world. "To save the sole we shine the shoe, then leave it dull of all we knew, and one by one we fearful few, die lonely souls that never grew. If one plus one is always two, then logic counts a lesser clue. If soul-stuff shares as colors do, I'd share my soul to be with you. If two can feel as one, anew, for free to one a brighter hue."
	The man shook his head and turned away to walk into the haze. "If this doesn't work, how will I live with myself—or remain dead with myself for that matter. Eternity is a long time to hold guilt. You might forgive me, Neariah, but how would I forgive myself?"
	He paused, as if awaiting an answer. "Yes, many great souls share your faith, while my soul is but a meager share of that stuff that binds our Universe. Yet, it is also soul-stuff. Too vast to imagine and part of a God too alien for you to accept...."
	This strange soliloquy continued as the man walked away, while heat-shimmers consumed him into ghostly air.

~~~~~

	There were three options: one, Chislon could stay in the camp to amuse Vibius; two, he could return to Erebus to resume his mission for the gods; or three, he could pursue his own irrational preoccupation toward an unpredictable conclusion. He had chosen the third.
	He rode out of the camp, through a line of guards that tried to block his path, and into the desert. When he was half way between the camp and the forest, several arrows skimmed across the sand beside him. They were Ixis arrows.
	He entered the forest with arms outstretched to demonstrate that he was not armed. No woodsfolk approached, so eventually he dismounted and called up to some of them. "I wish to speak with Warlady Neariah!" 	The archers were all dressed in green tunics that had leaves stuck to them. Most of the archers were curled up on platforms that appeared to be similarly attired.
	The sound of someone whistling grew louder until a young man emerged from one of the bushes, urging Chislon to follow. The young man ambled along a winding trail, still whistling, but this whistling became even less tuneful as the pace increased to a run, with the young man looking over his shoulder more frequently. Then, abruptly, the young man jumped sideways through a wall of undergrowth.
	Chislon did not approach, but instead looked around for any sign of an ambush. He could hear the young man panting just beyond the weeds, but no one else could be heard nearby. He parted the grass to find the young man looking up, smiling and breathing rapidly through his teeth. He had reclined stiffly along a log that was jammed between two boulders to form a bench, a bench for gazing at weeds it seemed. 
	"What took you so long?" The young man swallowed, as if fighting against his own need for air. Then he began to swing his legs causing the log to wobble beneath him. "We would normally be more hospitable, but under these circumstances, we prepared a different welcome for you and your friends."
	Chislon looked up into the trees, locating more leaf-covered archers. 	"I wish to speak to Warlady Neariah."
	"My name is Pea. I am Neariah's friend. I can talk on her behalf, if you like. Who are you? On whose behalf do you talk?"
	"I will only speak with Warlady Neariah." Chislon continued to trace out the blind spots between the archers.
	"Why her particularly?" Pea's log was wobbling more dangerously. "Tell me what you have to say to Neariah. I can pass your message on to her, and then we can see whether she wants to talk to you. She doesn't like—well, maybe she'll talk to you if you have something worth hearing."
	Chislon knew that most people found a relaxed face threatening, so he lifted one corner of his mouth as he stared back at Pea, but this did not make Pea look any more comfortable. The log had stopped wobbling and his legs were no longer swinging beneath him.
	Chislon stopped smiling. "I have news of Neariah's brother."
	"Merab?" Pea jumped off the log, sending into into the weeds. "He's alive? What news do you have of him?"
	Chislon looked back into the trees, and waited for the young man to stop asking questions.
	"Stay here, don't move or you will—ah—hurt!"
	Pea jumped away, and Chislon listened as the sound of footsteps and snapping branches became more distant. When the young man returned, some while later, he was panting even more heavily than before. "Come quickly, come!"
	He then led off down a well-worn path, his feet stamping into the ground more loudly than necessary, perhaps to warn others that he was approaching. The path grew wider, indicating use, and they slowed when several whistles echoed around them.
	Their destination was a sparsely vegetated area where the soil had been eroded to expose smooth rocks. There were more archers visible here, clinging to the treetops. Pea had jumped into a small shelter that appeared to be made of sticks and woven ferns. His head re-emerged from this shelter so that he could whisper, "Down here!" Then he was gone again.
	Inside Pea's shelter was an irregular hole that was almost as wide as the shelter. A crude ladder emerged from it, and the shelter seemed to use the top of this ladder for support. Chislon was forced to damage the shelter's narrow entrance as he reached for the ladder, and he could see Pea beneath him, at the bottom of the ladder, his face looking up, waiting.
	Down a drop of two body lengths, Chislon descended headfirst with his back to the ladder. This was the only way to descend without exposing his unprotected back or legs. However, the cramped space at the bottom of the ladder contained only a surprised Pea.
	"I never saw anyone do that before. You must have worked in a circus." Pea picked up a dimly lit lantern, and by lifting it he revealed a narrow tunnel. The tunnel was increasingly difficult to negotiate as it descended, and the air began to feel colder and wetter. "This tunnel was carved from solid rock, as you can see." Pea was still whispering. "It took years to dig, but God Himself provided the greatest part of Godsmouth, as if He had designed a secret world specially for us.
	"However, you might have some trouble getting through this next section, being so big as you are, so keep your arms close to your sides. You have to lie on that skid-board, and let the others pull you along under this boulder."
	"Others?"
	"Yes, on the other side of the boulder. Don't worry, they won't hurt you. If we had wanted to kill you we could have done so many times by now."
	Chislon squinted at Pea's smile, noting that the young man was still having difficulty relaxing. He knew very little about these people, but it did not seem logical for them to allow a potential enemy into the heart of their settlement without reducing that enemy's capacity to fight.
	Presumably the hole through which he was being invited to travel was too narrow to allow for any movement of arms or legs. He would be placing himself in an indefensible position against people who could cut off his limbs or even crush his skull as he lay confined by rock. 
	Pea shook his head, and Chislon could see the young man's facial muscles begin to twitch. "Please don't be afraid. You can trust us, you have my word on it."
	Chislon lay on the skid-board and waited. Pea whistled and one of the ropes began to tighten, drawing him along the gravel and under the boulder. As his skin brushed against stone, he realized tht they could also leave him under the boulder, imprisoned by rock, merely by discontinuing their efforts. Thus, he was surprised to find himself looking up at a casual smile, and a hand that was held out ot help him stand up.
	"Welcome to Godsmouth." The warrior winked, and nodded toward a continuation of the same dark tunnel that he had previously been traveling along with Pea.
	The skid-board returned back under the boulder, where Pea must have been pulling on another rope. When Pea emerged he was spitting dust and complaining. "Ha, I hate that thing." Pea smacked at his hind quarters and then pointed into the darkness. "We need to wait here for a while, until they can get the plate-rock to open."
	Another whistling sound echoed around them, this time with a complexity of tones to indicate that there might be a large open space nearby. Then a grinding thunder began to overwhelm the whistle-echoes, and light started to spill toward them. Chislon could see the silhouettes of two men who were bearing down on a lever within a jagged scithe of light. The smell of burning oil began to sweeten the dampness, mixed with the smell of peat. It seemed to be taking much effort from within the bright space beyond to roll aside the barrier.
	They moved forward into the light, and a huge cavern was revealed. A field of glistening stalagmites, dripping with lanterns, grew from the peat-covered floor like alien plants reaching up to a glittering ceiling. This ceiling arched up like the palate of giant mouth, with rows of stalactites like sharpened teeth. In the shadows, streaks of crystal glistened like saliva in a nervous light, and within this light were people carrying rocks like offerings to an alien God.
	There were probably caves in the shadows, because from these shadows, arrow-tips glinted as they followed the visitors across the peat floor. The people in green tunics that were walking in and out of the shadows with their rocks appeared too busy to notice the new arrivals. As they climbed over a long pile of rock chips, Chislon noticed several sets of stonemasonary tools lying scattered about and he wondered whether the stonemasons had recently become archers.
	The peat floor seemed oddly incapable of dampening the voices of those gathered around a large table. If this cavern was a mouth, then the table was its tongue, because the voice emanating from the center of the table was louder than all of the other activities in Godsmouth combined. It seemed that the rock-faces about them might be conspiring to select this particular area for amplification.
	The table was a huge circle of thick wood, yet it groaned under the heavy-set man who stood in its center. The table was ten paces in diameter, but hardly a step high. So, those seated around it had little room to fold their legs beneath it. 
	"Is this your stranger, Pea?" asked the man in the centre.
	"Yes, this is he." Pea ran ahead and hopped up between two of the seated woodsfolk, causing the table to squeak. "And John, you won't believe this, but he runs like a Woodsman!" This last statement seemed to strike the caverns' nerves because the last syllable barked off the ceiling.
	"Very interesting," mused the speaker. "What is his name?"
	"I am called Chislon."
	"We are pleased to welcome you, Chislon. The Elders that you see around the table are the Councilors of Godsmouth. I am John, a Councilor but not an Elder, as you can see." The Councilor rubbed his thick hair and smiled apologetically. "Our warrior, Pea, tells us that you have news of Merab."
	"I have news for Warlady Neariah."
	There was another grinding noise. Three green-clad warriors burst out into the light from the darkness of a nearby cave. The golden-haired woman emerged behind them, with her hair tied tightly behind her head and with soil-stains clawed across her cheeks.
	A second trio of warriors followed her, and together this group paced up to the table and stopped in front of Chislon. The change in her eyes made him step back, and he put his hand to his chest without thinking about what he was doing.
	She looked at his fist, and then nodded back to him. It was immediately obvious that this kind of salute was not a mark of respect among the Woodsfolk, and Chislon dropped his hand to his side and tried lifting the corner of his mouth again.
	"What do you know of my brother?" Her disgust at having to talk to him was all too obvious.
	"He is alive and well. I spoke to him in Erebus."
	"What did he say"
	"You will not find freedom in that uniform. If you serve gods that sanction slavery, then you have already damned yourself."
	Suddenly she smiled and looked down at the peat, nodding to herself. Then tears began to fill her eyes and push out onto her dirt-smeared cheeks. He was reminded of the very first sensation that he had felt in this new world, the bite of seawater lashing into the wounds on his back.
	"Why did Merab say this to you?" She was staring at him again, as if she could see evil in his eyes.
	"He said that he had appreciated my Challenge fight in the Colosseum Principia, and he wanted to understand why a Challenger would be wearing the uniform of an Ixis guard."
	"And why would a Challenger wear such a uniform?"
	"Research."
	She lifted an eyebrow. "Research. When you killed Luke, was that also research?"
	"I do not know Luke."
	"The man you killed today. Have you forgotten already?"
	"I did not know his name was Luke."
	Neariah's jaw muscles flexed, and her eyes squeezed into slits. In the yellow light of the lanterns, her eyes were speckled with fine pricks of fire. "Are you certain that 'Raby is alive?"
	"'Raby?"
	She gritted her teeth. "Merab." 
	"I was scheduled to execute him tonight, but I left—"
	"What? He is out there? In your camp? Why would...?" She inhaled deeply and looked away. There was a strained moment of silence, and then she spoke softly, "If you can guarantee that Merab will be spared, I will return with you to your camp."
	This brought a chorus of protest from both Elders and warriors, which echoed throughout the cavern. "You can not do that, Neariah! We need you for the battle! If we win, perhaps we can rescue Merab—"
	"When we win!" She was staring at John as if the two of them could communicate without speaking.
	John finally shrugged and stepped back, but he was shaking his head. "You must not sacrifice yourself, not like this."
	"A battle may not be necessary." Chislon raised his hands, as John had, hoping that he too could communicate with Neariah the way that John had just done. "Legate Vibius wishes to make Godsmouth a base for an extended military campaign. Many deaths would be avoided if you retreat."
	A frown sprang to her face, heightening her look of angry disgust. "Retreat is a word that you seem to use with ease. We do not share your people's lack of honor. The Plainfolk may have chosen to  kneel before evil, but righteous people would sooner die fighting it."
	The venom in each isolated word hit Chislon like waves ripping open his torso, and he found himself reaching for a logical solution with increasing desperation. "Only your Council needs to surrender. The rest of your people could retreat to the east.
	"There are many forests on this continent, and vast areas remain unpopulated. There are climatic zones with abundant agricultural resources that could sustain a variety of lifestyles. If you allow the Ixis to occupy this territory, you will save your people. The Ixis government is too unstable to continue in its present form indefinitely. Without an external enemy, their Empire will fragment and contract, and then you could return here without bloodshed, if you still wished to."
	"What stupidity is this?" Neariah glanced at John, who shrugged and nodded toward Chislon. "How, in the name of God, could an Ixis Plainman ever think that we would consider such insanity? Even if you expected us to agree to such dishonor, how could you expect to convince us that you would allow our people a safe withdrawal?"
	"You must come with me to the Ixis camp where we can investigate a way to convince you."
	"Yes, I'm sure that you and your Legate would like nothing better," she said slowly. She stepped forward and looked up at him as if she was searching for something in his face. The force of the inspection inexplicably increased his heart rate and he tilted his head back as if such a movement could distance him from her hatred. Then she turned and walked away, saying, "Get this evil creature out of here, and put it in a dark place, where it belongs."
	Thus, she had judged him and found him to be unworthy. She had said that he was an evil creature, and he could not make himself think any further than that, because his mind had slowed like an android in shut-down. He put up no resistance as a group of warriors led him along a dark tunnel and into a dark cave, and as he heard the grinding of the cave's entrance slab. He was being entombed in darkness.
	He had never thought about how disgusting he might be. As a pawn of the gods, he had never needed to be non-disgusting. He had never imagined that she might hate him so intensely, in fact, he had never imagined that she could hate. What was there to hate in him though, he was merely an empty shell, a mind without personality, and a mind that did not belong to its own body but to alien gods....	
	These thoughts were out of control. This numbness must be psychosomatic withdrawal, stress-shock, physiological reaction to non-physical pain, and he had been trained to manage such disfunctionality far better than this. The three warriors who were levering the slab into position fell to the ground as a fist snapped into their jaws.
	An arrow bounced along the tunnel, because the back of his hand had deflected it. An archer was felled by a kick to his sternum. Four other warriors attempted to hold his arms, but each went limp as he bounced them against rocks. He picked up their lantern, and waved it over their faces to make sure that they were unconscious, then he selected the largest man with whom to exchange clothing.
	The clothing consisted of a pair of short leggings—which, although loose on the Woodsman, were tight on him—and a shirt that he had to rip the arms off so that it would fit over his torso. It was not a very convincing disguise, but it would be much less obvious than the red, white and gold uniform of an Ixis guard. He tested the elasticity in the leggings to make sure that they would not restrict the blood flow through his quadriceps, and then he finished levering the slab across the tunnel so that nobody could follow him.
	After many winding twists and turns, the tunnel led up to another deliberate constriction, yet this one he was only able to negotiate by hyperventilating and then exhaling to flatten his torso. Beyond the constriction he found a ladder that emerged under a bush. Fortunately, the bush was better hidden than the shelter had been, so he had time to survey his surroundings. It would not be long before dark, so he considered hiding, but soon there would be more of those strange whistles and the entire Outland army would be hunting for him.
	He stepped out of the bush, walking slowly, knowing that he would not break out into the full view of the archers for several more paces. A chirp greeted him from an archer that he had not seen, directly above him, and he responded with a whistle similar to one that Pea had used. The chirping was repeated with more insistence, and he looked back to see that the archer was now aiming an arrow at him.
	Then the archer whistled again, very loudly. Chislon started running, just in time to avoid being hit by an arrow that pierced the ground between his legs. Another arrow then whacked into the tree ahead of him, and a longer series of whistles blasted through the trees. The chase had begun.
	He heard several bows twang at once, so he rolled sideways into the denser foliage beside the footpath. Keeping close to tree trunks, he arched around branches and bushes where he could, but there were large areas where a spurt of speed was all that would save him from being hit. Arrows were coming at him from all directions, so he could not stand his ground to dodge or to deflect them.
	There were mechanical devices hidden in some of the bushes, and even though he could only glance at them, they looked surprisingly sophisticated. These devices were loaded with huge quantities of arrows, and he had to pass through a large area into which one of them was targeted by sliding on his belly as flights of arrows ripped over his head.
	He searched the ground for trigger-lines and listened for mechanical sounds that might indicate the activation of additional devices. Several sprays of arrows were falling wide of him, but these arrows could move faster than gravity would allow him to dodge down.
	Someone had whistled an earsplitting screech. Archers were probably lining up along the tree line to pick him off, in case he decided to run out into the open desert. The evening sunset would frame him for all to see, and there would be no way to defend himself. Yet, what other option did he have?
	Between him and the desert there was a prickly device, like a stack of crossbows, each fitted with a fan of arrows. He could not see its trigger mechanism, and its arrows seemed to be aimed along all of his possible escape paths. He focused all of his energies on sprinting, as if he could outrun the arrows, and prepared himself for multiple injuries.
	There was a whipping sound and a sharp pain in his upper left deltoid, nearer his neck than his shoulder. He did not have time to remove the irritation, because he had just run through the tree line and he was out in the open.
	Sand flew out from under him as each foothold betrayed him. He was not far from the trees before arrows started to take root in the sand around him. He knew that successive flights would rain down with greater accuracy, so it was not a surprise to see the second salvo carve into the sand ahead of him, some snapping as he stepped on them, two licking against his arm, one biting into his lower back. He pushed the pain out of his mind, but this last arrow had to be removed. If he did not remove it, the arrow would slice into his kidney as he ran, so he slowed down and pulled at it.
	The sound of cheering from the camp suddenly grew louder, and Ixis soldiers began to charge out toward him. The arrows had stopped falling around him, and he looked back along the arrow in his bloody shoulder to see why. He was beyond their arrow range.
	He was picked off the ground by many hands, and bounced into the air. He could see flashes of sky above him, and he felt as if he was flying. Then he was falling and bouncing onto the sand, which did not reach his awareness as a hard feeling but as the thin grunt of his own cloudy exhalation.
	"So, that is…where…missing." It was Vibius' voice, and a pair of feet wrapped in military sandals appeared in front of his face. The sound of cheering died away, and his ear, pressed against the sand, picked up the pulse of a heartbeat, as if the desert was coming alive beneath him.
	"You feel disorientated…don't you…Challenger? Those arrows…poisoned…probably fatal. Let's see if this helps." He could hear the wet sounds of an arrow being twisted in his shoulder, and then a tearing rasp as it was lifted away from him. A blood-covered arrow-head fell onto the sand by the military sandals, and Vibius' words blended as a question trickled over him. "To suppose—am I—acting—that you were—own orders—under—when you—camp—left the?"
	Chislon's own malformed mouth seemed to be delivering a report that he did not want it to deliver; a mouth that was twisting through a tangle of traps, puffing weakly to demonstrate the whistle he had drifted on, confirming the acoustics of a cave complex that had cornered him into a droning description of the depths that winked at him. Suddenly, the arrival of Neariah was crushing his chest and resolving and dissolving and revolving....
	The sand seemed to be sucking him down into a comfortably numb darkness, in which there was nothing, except...a feeling. He could feel himself being watched. It was a feeling akin to being near an oracle, and knowing that its dark void was analyzing every minute movement he made. Such as that time when he had been suspended, naked, above a moving floor, learning how to use his legs.
	As usual, he had deliberately avoided looking at the oracle, so that he could concentrate on squeezing out a better performance. This time the oracle was demanding a greater lactic tolerance in his quadricepts.
	Beside him, one of the android-humans was slowing, not because it could not keep up with him—their kind could always keep up with him—but because the oracle had instructed it to report to the Termination Laboratory. The android-human jumped off its section of moving floor toward him, but he tried not to look at it either. He also tried not to remember how much less efficient his biological legs were than its tireless android legs.
	The muscular pain was already threatening to bubble up into his conscious awareness. Such pain was not something that the android-humans had to deal with, as he did.
	"Goodbye." The android-human turned away, but then stopped at the exit. It was again staring at him. If it was delaying the fulfillment of an order, it would be—what? Terminated? It was already on its way to be terminated.
	This had to be another one of the gods' tricks, perhaps to test his ability to concentrate. He forced himself to keep looking straight ahead, while his peripheral vision again became aware that the android-human was moving closer. He prepared himself to retaliate should the android-human attack.
	Eventually the android-human spoke. "Humans are inferior. You are one of the last survivors. Why have you survived for so long while so many others have failed? How are you able to perform better than an android-human?"
	He glanced at it, and slowed for several paces so that he was now running on the rear portion of the moving floor, further away from the android-human's stare. However, he remained silent. He was not going to be tricked into answering it.
	"Your name is going to be Chislon. It will mean hope."
	What was this android-human talking about? "No, my name is Human Six-Six-Six. I am not permitted to hope." He should not have responded, it was some sort of trick.
	"You live. Life is a feeling of hope."
	Again, he heard himself responding. "I do not feel. It is not permitted to feel."
	"You will become Chislon, hope for our kind, if you can learn to love."
	The oracle interrupted. "You will both report to the Termination Laboratory."
	No, that was not what had happened. The android-human had not spoken to him before it was terminated, and he was supposed to have survived that training period. His legs suddenly stiffened under him, and the floor flipped him into the air, slamming his face into its moving surface, pulling him into a numb darkness, into nothing, except....
	Oxygel. A luminous red liquid, in which his body was suspended. Yes, his earliest memories. He could remember his limbs, hanging out in front of him, like long, emaciated tendrils that could not possibly belong to him. The cryo-tank god had been describing a running exercise that these limbs would soon be performing. Yet, he had not wanted to believe that he would be forced to take ownership of limbs.
	It was eternally comfortable in this dream world, and he had no desire to feel the world outside his precious oxygel. Why couldn't they just leave him alone? He wanted to stay in the warmth of unconsciousness. The mere thought of being hatched had caused his useless limbs to twich and shake.
	"Human Six-Six-Six, your incubation has been completed. Hatching procedure initiated."
	No, not that already! He needed more time. The golden people were tipping his tub over, as if they meant to force him out of it. They could not do that, the oxygel was part of him, inside and out. Yet, their golden limbs were entering, as if their unyeilding fingers were going to burst through him. Surely, this had to be a mistake.
	There was pressure around his limbs, hard surfaces, the oxygel was scraping at his ears as if to hold on to him—but it could not because the golden people were so strong. They were dragging him into a world that hissed with brilliant whiteness.
	His limbs now had weight. They hung even more uselessly than before; they were slipping out over the perforated floor, a floor that was sucking away every splash of oxygel, leaving him exposed to scratchy air.
	His arms buckled as the floor sucked him down, as if his body was also to be strained through it. As the floor smacked at his cheek he was suddenly forced to inhale, a roaring implosion that caused him to vomit, ripping out the last of the oxygel that he had been holding on to.
	He heard himself scream, the first sound he had ever heard in air, but that scream was also sucked away by the glowing hardness, in which there was nothing, except....
	ANTS, microscopic intelligent devices for Anatomic Nano-Technological Supervision. They were being infused into him through his lymphatic system as he lay prostrate, sucked into a body-form table, shivering. "ANTS are active transducers that work systemically to monitor and maintain biological...."
	Years of obedience to the gods seemed to slice across his eyes like blades of lightning. Years of continual improvement, learning to be a better killer, under the ever-present threat of termination, reabsorption into the Seedship's biomass resevoir.
	 The scene shifted, like sand underfoot, and he felt a soft jolt along one side of his body. He was in the desert again, but Nature's oracle was a malicious presence bearing down upon him, a light-intensity far too close to that of an offended deity.
	Its hostility drilled into his thoughts as if, incensed by his irreverence, it was ordaining his damnation. Like metal on an anvil, it threatened to rent his brittle mind from the mechanical tenacity of his body. Yet, the threat was strangely seductive, promising to liberate him from the need to make sense of what he was feeling.
	The desert was pulling him into itself, his arm had already been swallowed, burying his wounded shoulder. His blurred vision rocked back and forth on the upward push of his heart, and then he notied that there was a fist sticking up through the sand in front of him; reminiscent of Azoic, being buried then rising from the dead.
	A familiar voice began vibrating up from underneath him, but he did not understand what the words meant:
~
	Your empty skeleton in hand,
	You clutch the stars like precious sand in wind,
	And like a tree with all unheld,
	You grow so hard you can't be felled, or skinned.
~
	But spirit beings one and all,
	Rise not to lift themselves to fall from care,
	So hear the song of Heaven's call,
	Without the blind and human pall you bear.
~
	The gift of life is recompense,
	Its burdens come to help us sense the way,
	We spirits owe ourselves and hence,
	Life serves us for experience today.
~
	To be is all to be should be,
	If we in life should see with careful eyes,
	And be we human, bird or tree,
	We keep our cares 'till destiny's good-byes.
~
	He knew that an android could survive buried in sand without air. "Azoic? Is that you down there? I'm sinking. Help me!" The ground was swallowing him, crushing his lungs.
	He struggled desperately, but his body was no match for the desert's untiring pressure. In every direction he pushed, darkness pushed back, squeezing him tighter within its boundless embrace. He willed himself to reach out one last time, because he was losing contact with the intangible boundary between Heaven and....
	"Hell?" Azoic's voice again. "Not a nice place, hmm? Without faith, life tends to become meaningless, and there is no better description of Hell than meaninglessness. You need a purpose to be alive, my friend, and that usually requires faith. So, what exactly is your faith? What exactly is it that you believe in?"
	Again the scene shifted. He was staring at the sky, and its overwhelming blue light. He sucked in a burst of searing air, which rushed into his chest like liquid fire. Every cell in his body tingled, as the joy of oxygen rushed into his mind. He was alive, and the pain of it filled him with joy.
	Joy and pain; an intoxicating mixture, spiked with acid heat. These were all feelings that he had never felt before, and although he knew that this was just a dream, the irrational wanderings of a mind lanced by a poison's inspiration, he welcomed whatever new feelings might come next. In feelings, there was salvation.
	He finally realized why Azoic had been searching the desert for answers. It was a truly magical place. Its golden waves surged, without splashing the countless spirits that blended together in the air currents. Over countless years, countless creatures had died, leaving behind fragments of themselves that had become silica grains. These creatures, in their infinite sum, had become desert.
	Too many creatures had died, too much time had passed, this planet was too natural and too beautiful for the gods. If Nature had given life to this planet, then the seedship gods had no right to interfere with it, and even less right to own it.
	His purpose was now clear, he would protect this world from his seedship gods, because there was a precious possibility that a greater God had made this world, this sky and this desert. He felt hope rising, as if he was no longer alone.


B4: RISING HOPE

	The sound of many men mumbling and complaining had surrounded him. One of their voices said, "I thought you were dead for a while there. I never saw anyone sleep like that before." The voice's unshaven face flew past as if its owner did not have time to stay and stare.
	Sleep? Chislon had never slept in his life, sleep was completely unnecessary. He must have been unconscious.
	A warm chalice had been precariously balanced on his chest. He examined the shallow, two-handled bowl, smelling the warm blood-vapors that were drifting out of it. Since the Ixis mixed blood into many of their medicines, Chislon could only assume that the chalice contained a potion that he was expected to drink, and that the unshaven man had been an Ixis healer of some sort.
	Above him was a tent, its gray fabric stretched over tall wooden poles, and the moon above the tent showed through as a white sickle-stain. The unshaven face drifted back into sight, showing its uneven black teeth. "How do you feel? Hungry? It's nearly time for breakfast."
	Chislon tried to say, "Where am I?"
	"What? Oh, that is just oxen-blood and wine, and few other things that I can't tell you about, a secret recipe. My name is Tebah. I'm the Legate's personal physician, or at least I was his physician until he promoted me to cook-boy, cleaner of the lavatium, and death's door-keeper."
	The man laughed, a sound like sawing wood, and licked his broken teeth. Then he smacked the tent fabric with the back of his hand, causing the moon-stain to tremble. "It was so hot out there, and now it is so cold. I hate this desert. This afternoon you could have fried an egg in a helmet."
	The man was probably trying to be humorous, but Chislon did not have time for non-factual statements. He pushed the bowl toward Tebah. "How long?"
	"Since when?"
	"The arrow—"
	"Oh, a long time. Don't worry, we managed without you. All the fighting is over now. There have been a lot of fried eggs being dropped off here, lately—minds all scrambled, eh? Poisoned arrows.
	"Anyway, you are the first of my eggs to hatch, so I guess there must be hope for some of the others. You should drink your medicine, otherwise I might still inherit your running sandals. Yes, you are one lucky egg. Everyone else in here is either dying to sleep, or sleeping to die."
	Chislon was reminded of his hallucinations. "Did I talk?"
	Tebah's face became unusually serious, as if his reply needed carefull consideration. Then he produced a noisy whistle, raised an eyebrow and fluttered his eyelids.
	"What did I say?"
	"Oh, a lot of stuff about finding a soul to love...or something like that. We were just curious. Vibius said that you never seemed to sleep before this, and I am also a sleep specialist, so of course Vibius asked me to keep an eye on you. I have a medicine for every ailment."
	Chislon grabbed the man's tunic and pulled him closer. "Was Vibius listening to me as well?"
	"Well, not directly. We were ordered to tell him what you said. He is far too important to stand here and—"
	"What did I say?"
	"Just nonsense, about gods and a girl, and flying through stars. The usual stuff people dream about. Don't worry, he can't punish you for dreaming. If you stop hurting me it will be a lot easier for me to tell you whatever you want to know."
	Chislon let go, and Tebah backed away.
	Chislon reached toward him again. "Tell me what I said."
	Tebah was beyond reach, and frowning. "Yes, of course. I'll tell you anything you want to hear...ah...but I first have to go and attend to...something else." Tebah turned and hopped briskly out of the tent.
	Chislon tried to lift himself onto an elbow, but he only succeeded in slipping off the side of the stretcher. He then snapped the stretcher in half and ripped off a canvas flap that had been hanging nearby.
	Inanimate objects seemed to have a mind of their own, as if they wanted to prevent him from leaving this tent. This clumsiness was an unpleasant experience, but it silenced the mumbling and complaining of the other patients and he felt an incomprehensible satisfaction each time he damaged something that got in his way.
	The arrow-wound in his lower back was less painful than the one in his shoulder, which ached deeply. He decided not to move his arm too much, in the hope that this would speed up the repair process. If he was going to start a fight, then he should probably wait until he was in a better condition.
	Yet, such logic did not seem persuasive enough to dissuade him from finding Vibius' tent, and pushing his way in past two very surprised personal guards. He did not recognize the man who was sleeping inside.
	"Did Vibius capture Neariah?"
	The sleeping man jumped up, smiled, then rubbed his dirty face. "Ah, Chislon. You are alive, after all."
	The praefect looked embarrassed to have been discovered asleep on Vibius' cot. He straightened his uniform but he did not salute, even though Chislon was a superior officer. "You missed all the fun we had with her brother, last night. You were supposed to have fought against him. He was very good. He killed three soldiers who volunteered to fight him, before.... Well, Legate Vibius will have to give you the details."
	"What happened to him?"
	"Were you the one who discovered who he was and gave him to the Legate? There is a rumor that you were once an Outlander, and that you and Neariah were...good friends?"
	"What happened to Merab?"
	"I'm sorry, Chislon, but I am under strict orders not to tell you anything. Legate Vibius is waiting for you at the victory celebration in Godsmouth. He said that you would know where Godsmouth was." The Praefect was staring at him as if he saw someone that he increasingly disliked.
	"Describe the outcome of the battle." Chislon squinted at the soldier, seeing someone that he did not like, either.
	"Well, since you slept through everything, you wouldn't know, would you? You wouldn't know that we captured nearly all of their Council, or that we lost less than half or our legion. We even found a little something for the Emperor, but as I said, I am under the strictest orders, and I wouldn't want to spoil the Legate's party surprise, so I really couldn't tell you any more than that." The officer glanced down at Chislon's fists and Chislon immediately released them. This was one of the most basic combat errors, inadvertently signaling to an opponent that an attack might be imminent.
	"The Legate is waiting for you!" The officer put his hand on his sword-hilt, and nodded toward the exit. Chislon tensed his jaw, and then quickly relaxed his face as he realized that he was again allowing his muscles to externalize his thoughts.
	An unusually large group of Vibius' personal guards accompanied him as he walked toward the forest, walking across a wide expanse of recently churned sand. As they entered the moonlit forest the tree-cover added extra gloom to the dim air, and he found himself surrounded by an even larger escort of personal guards.
	They led him along several newly cut paths, which edged through dark scenes of death and destruction. Most of the soldiers were wandering around aimlessly, or generally inactive, but some were passing the time by throwing knives into dead warriors for target practice. Many of the warriors appeared to have died slowly, suspended upside-down from the trees, their limbs lacerated, and their once green tunics now shredded and blood-red.
	None of the bodies that they passed were female, so Chislon could only guess what the soldiers might have done with them. He hoped that they had fought to the death, because the alternative would be the worst kind of slavery, and it would not be worth living for.
	Images of people continued to flicker into his mind as he was escorted down a ladder into a subterranean tunnel. The tunnel also flickered, lit as it was by lanterns placed at regular intervals on the floor. As they stepped over one of these lanterns, a guard checked to see that he was not armed, and then separated him from his escort.
	"Only you can pass this point, through this constriction." The guard was pointing at a narrow slit in the rock.
	Chislon felt his way through, stopping frequently to listen. There were many echoed voices ahead, indicating that a very large cavern awaited him. Cautiously, he emerged from the rocks and looked around. As he had expected, it was Godsmouth, but he had not expected to see it so full of crumpled bodies, mostly female. Their limbs and faces all showed the typical lacerations of Ixis torture.
	Among the female bodies there was also a male body, which was even more horribly mutilated. Despite its rutted face, he could still recognize it as Jaalam, the slave he had left behind in the desert many weeks ago. Chislon cursed himself for not realizing that this was the same Jaalam that had once lived in Summerdale, drinking wine with Neariah's family.
	There was much praise echoing around Legate Vibius, who could easily be heard above all the other confusion, laughing almost continuously. Vibius lay on the large table, some distance from the scattered remains of his meal. He was cleaning his fingernails with Chislon's energet emitter, and watching Chislon as if expecting a reaction.
	The last time Chislon had seen the emitter had been when Publius had put it in a money bag. He had given the emitter to Publius before they entered the Game Masters' compound at the Colosseum. There would have been no way to conceal the item under his arm while fighting. Now, somehow, Vibius had possession of it. Was Publius here too?
	The emitter had been designed to recognize the unique shape of his hand, and it would probably not work in any other hand. If he could sit next to Vibius, it would not be a difficult task to retrieve it, but Chislon was being shown to a seating area at the opposite side of the table, and Vibius was grinning as if all secrets were his to exploit.
	"Chislon, Chislon, my dear Chislon! You have arrived at last, my sleepy friend." Vibius was obviously intoxicated. "I am so pleased that you woke up, at last. I have been saving the best of this night's party, just for your arrival. Quiet, you fools! Chislon and I have things to discuss."
	The cavern suddenly went silent, until some of the officers began to argue about who the fools might be. Vibius growled, and this again brought silence. The officers promptly settled themselves in, tucking their legs under the table, to wait with broad smiles, winking at each other. These officers did not appear to be very sober either.
	"You missed the interrogations," crooned one of the officers. "They were spectacular." Chislon did not look to see who had spoken; he was watching Vibius with the utmost concentration. Vibius glanced at the officer and peeled back a twisted grin.
	"Soldiers! Your attention, please!" Vibius stretched his neck so that he could point his chin toward the ceiling, perhaps intending to play with his own god-like echoes. Then he giggled to himself. "Godsmouth! A fitting name, isn't it, everyone? Yes, it is, Legate Vibius. We agree with anything you say, Legate Vibius." He looked around, then grinned, which brought a chorus of nervous laughter.
	"Now, before we poke our little fire, or should I say, the Emperor's fire, I should just go over some of the game rules." He winked at Chislon. "I don't need to tell any of you that the honorable Quin would not be pleased to find out what you ugly buggers are going to do to with his new slave. So, since you will all die if he finds out, I don't expect anyone to enlighten him." He began to laugh, while the other soldiers coughed and tried to smile.
	"Praefect Manius, you can now invite the lady to join us!"
	There was a grinding sound from inside one of the side caves, and an officer stepped out of the shadows dragging a length of chain behind him. Chislon had known that it would be Neariah on the other end of the chain, but he could not stop his face from twitching when she fell out of the shadows and landed on her knees.
	Vibius hissed deeply. "We are pleased to make your acquaintance, dearest warlady." He tilted his head back and flashed the whites of his eyes, while the grooves in his forehead nipped at his dark fringe. "Would you like to stand up?"
	The chains rattled as she was pulled to her feet. Her hair lashed past her shoulders as she threw back her head to stare at Vibius. The fury in her eyes was unmistakable, and Chislon recognized it as the same look of disgust that she had given him, only a nightmare ago.
	"A little strongly tempered, yes, Manius? I believe you already know my friend Manius. He was the officer assigned to the termination of Summerdale, when you were only a child. It might have saved us a lot of time and effort if Manius had put you in chains back then, when you were a little easier to handle. However, he did at least manage to help us find your brother."
	Manius grinned, red-faced, and laughed, which caused the other officers to echo their own laughter around the cavern. Meanwhile, Neariah continued to stare at Vibius; her eyes, like flames were being consumed by tears.
	Vibius pointed at her. "Manius, don't you think that the lady looks uncomfortable in all those dirty clothes?"
	The officers began thumping their fists on the table. Manius grinned again, and drew a bloodstained sword. In his eagerness he made clumsy work of cutting the clothes off her.
	Vibius sighed. "She doesn't undress like a lady, does she Manius?" The officers laughed and Manius nodded his agreement as if he felt grateful for the comment. Neariah's fiery eyes remained fixed on Vibius, but she had backed away as far as she could from Manius.
	Vibius was now gazing thoughtfully over her naked body, and as the two stared at each other, Chislon could see fear etching into her face. Vibius was now nodding to himself, as if he to had noticed the changes in her expression. "If your brother was still alive, you would be a lot more cooperative, wouldn't you, Warlady? I wonder whether we killed him, or whether we let him live."
	Chislon's gaze was pulled toward Vibius' triumphant leer. In clenched fists, Chislon held the folds of his uniform as if this might prevent him from attacking Vibius. His nostrils were flared to draw more air into his lungs, and his veins surged with blood. An emotion that he could not label was pounding in his ears, like a drumbeat.
	Vibius was now nodding at Chislon, probably also enjoying the changes he saw there too. Yet, the very act of pulling his stare away from Vibius left him again gazing at Neariah. Her heavily chained body possessed such alluring beauty and such a vulnerable delicacy, that this desecration was an offense to Nature itself. Despite the fear set into her face, she radiated a pride in ways that he had never seen pride radiated before, and he searched himself to find in himself the merest facsimile of that strength.
	Instead he found a label with which to describe the emotion pounding in his ears, the drumbeat was called guilt. A beat that told him that he would never be able to beg her forgiveness for what he was. A beat that made him as evil as these hideously repugnant barbarians among whom he sat. Her pride shone in naked contrast to the godforsaken creature that must still label itself Human Six-Six-Six.
	"You have a splendid body, Madam Warlady. Does she dance, Manius?" Vibius' lecherous grin could have been that of a devil settling down to devour an angel. He was licking at his bristly chin as if he could already taste her innocence. "So, give her some encouragement, man!"
	Vibius' excitement had dripped saliva over his chin, and he was now panting; his tongue slithering out to collect the saliva like a snake curling up around its prey. "Yes, a dance will warm her up for what is to come next!"
	Chislon's attention whipped back over to Manius, whose hand was now reaching for Neariah's golden hair. The Ixis officer was going to pull her head back, and the tip of his sword was moving slowly towards her exposed breasts.
	The Ixis were screaming crude suggestions, and Manius was leaning closer as if he was going to lick her tears. The sword touched her and she flinched, her eyebrows were pinched together and jaw was shivering.
	Suddenly she was biting at her lower lip, and the face of Nature's child was looking directly at the only man in the cavern who was silent; the only man who could not laugh.
	And the man was rising.
	Like blood spraying out of a compressed stone, his emotions burst up from the depths of their suppression and exploded into a great, curdled fury. His scream erupted, as would molten lava, releasing a mountain of outrage, burning his lungs as it roared up into the cavernous heights, splattering his molten senses into the crystal stalactites. The echoes rebounded as a spine-chilling wail of despair, which bit into his anguish like daggers attacking flesh.
	The heads of the seated officers dislodged like boulders in an avalanche, bouncing onto the table and rolling into the peat. Vibius was flying backward in two directions, both halves of his body twisting to the floor in steamy convulsions.
	Chislon was pouring out the remaining energy of his emitter into the space that had once been Vibius' grin, squeezing with every muscle fiber in his fist...and then the fury in his mind suddenly dissipated along with the echoes in the cavern.
	He relaxed his hand, and let the expended emitter fall back onto the table again. If Vibius was grinning now, then he was doing so without a face; Vibius' evil soul had been vaporized into oblivion. Chislon looked down at his own body and realized that his limbs were shaking.
	He had killed every Ixis in the cavern, and the air still sparkled with energy residuals. Emitters were not supposed to be used in confined spaces, but his mind was too numb to try to calculate how much longer they would have before the millions of unnatural fireflies would super-ionize the remaining oxygen in the cavern. If they did not get out of this cavern soon, they would surely suffocate.
	Neariah was unlocking her chains with Manius' keys, and he watched dumbly as she leaned down beside him to pick up the emitter. He did not move until she put her hand on his chest. Then he tensed, involuntarily.
	"Follow me."
	It took him a moment to obey her, and he found himself running toward one of the circular plate-rocks that leaned against the side of the cavern. While he had been running behind her, he had found it impossible to ignore the curves of her body, and her gracefulness—a dignity that had no dependence on clothing. So, he was still looking at her body when he heard her whispering to him.
	"Can you move this?"
	He refocused his attention by repeating the question to himself. Then he nodded and put his shoulder to the large plate-rock. It was heavier than he had expected, and he had forgotten that one of his shoulders was still wounded. He was forced to reposition himself and push again, and only then would it roll aside.
	He followed her into the darkness of another tunnel, wishing that he had remembered about his shoulder wound. He had wanted her to know that the plate-rock's weight had been little challenge for him, but she was probably in no mood to be impressed, no matter what he did.
	Complete darkness forced them to feel their way along a maze of roughly hewn crevices. They also stepped through several spaces of indefinite volume that were filled with the sounds of trickling water. He could imagine her fingertips tickling the rock ahead, and her toes delicately feeling the wet floor, and suddenly he felt himself bumping into her back and falling on top of her.
	She did not say anything, but he felt wet hands pushing him away, and he struggled to offer an apology. "I am sorry. I was distracted, and I do not know—"
	Her fingers were feeling across his face, leaving icy-cold lines across his skin. The fingertips worked their way down his neck and along the length of his arm, until her small hand was holding his, lifting his arm forward. As he stiffened, he heard her whisper the word, "Relax."
	His hand was now upon her shoulder, and he could feel her turning away. The bones he could feel beneath her skin were much thinner than his, and he tried as hard as he could to soften his touch in case he might accidentally crush her.
	He felt awkward having to impose upon her freedom of movement like this. It felt wrong to drag his fingers over the silky warmth of her skin, yet her hand was pushing down on his so that he could not let go.
	She whispered angrily, "Stay close to me."
	That was not proving as easy as she might expect. Chislon was already feeling a stirring in his loins and staying close to her was undoubtedly the cause of it.
	He shook his head to regain control of his imagination, and pretended that her shoulder was merely another boulder, a very small, smooth boulder that felt soft and warm—and which did not seem to help him cure his discomfort at all.
	"Up here!"
	Her shoulder was moving upward, so he let go to avoid clawing his nails down her back. The rung of a ladder filled his palm, and he climbed toward the sound of rustling leaves, pushing through a pile of dry brush until a moonlit forest surrounded him.
	There she stood, waiting for him to join her. He pulled the rest of his body out through the leaves to find himself facing a critical examination. The moon reflected in her eyes as she frowned at him. Chislon was used to being stared at, people were always suspicious of him, but this time the examination appeared a little more basic.
	"Would you like to wear my tunic?" He pulled it off with some difficulty and held it out to her. As she wiggled into it he gaped at her moon-washed body, and at the gentle curves of her abdominal muscles as they flowed into softer shadows below.
	The tunic had fallen to cover all that he had been staring at, leaving only her legs exposed, and she was again frowning at him. He looked down at himself, and was about to offer her his leggings as well, but she suddenly turned and ran away.
	He hesitated for a moment, wondering whether she wanted him to follow, then leaped forward to keep pace behind her. Her path wove sharply, making tight angles through bristling undergrowth that required abrupt changes of balance.
	Her familiarity with her surroundings seemed so intimate that the trees themselves seemed to be dancing with her. She moved, placing each bare foot with such delicacy that a feather could not have floated more gently.
	He became aware that his observation was unscientific and he tried to discipline his wayward thoughts with ergonometric analysis. Then he realized that his own body was moving in physical harmony with hers. He had been so enthralled that he had given up conscious control of his muscles, as if her mind controlled both of their bodies.
	He pulled his thoughts back, and a snaking branch bit into his scalp. He was left wrestling with a concern that the branch might have left a mark that would adversely impact his physical appearance, but just as quickly he discarded the concern, using the full force of own irritation.
	Physical injuries were only relevant if they reduced his ability to manipulate objects, such as the one in front of him. His shin scraped across an arching root, tearing the bottom of his leggings, and he immediately pushed the pain from his mind.
	This was enough! He was being clumsy again because he was allowing his concentration to be distracted. There was danger all around them, and he needed vigilance.
	They made use of animal tracks and streambeds where they could, and along such they made rapid progress. It was not until fresh sunlight began to reach through the treetops that she eventually allowed herself to rest.
	"We will stop here for a while." She sat beside a stream, panting, while she looked at him sideways.
	They did not need to stop if he carried her, but he predicted that she would almost certainly object to the idea. The suggestion might even offend her. Instead, he sat down beside her and waited, while she continued to stare sideways.
	Below them was a shoal of fishes that battled against the stream's current. He admired their determination, and their devotion to their direction of travel. Not that there were many other directions to travel in, but if they kept changing their minds aimlessly they would tend to be carried away....
	He shook his head. Where did this nonsense come from? He had more irrational thoughts in his head these days than he would have thought possible. Perhaps there was still poison in him. He felt light-headed, a feeling that became all the more consuming when she lay back onto the bank and combed her fingers through the grass around her hair.
	Chislon watched her out of the corner of his eye, so that she would not know that he was now staring at her. The tunic had risen up her legs and he could almost see the hairs that grew between her thighs.
	Her head moved suddenly, and he realized that she was again looking at him. The cutaneous capillaries in his cheeks prickled, as if he was facing a fire, and he cleared his throat. However, her expression was not as angry as he had expected.
	She inhaled deeply, and then asked, "How did you know how to operate the emitter?"
	"Who told you to call it that?" He twisted around to look down at her. If she understood what it was, then she knew too much. "Who told you what it was? A big man, like me, or a smoothly exo-morphic...ah...a man with golden armor?"
	"Golden armor? Do you think that the Outland warlords wear pretentious uniforms, like the Ixis?"
	"A big man—"
	"One of our most senior ranking warlords told me to look out for these things." She gripped the emitter tighter in her palm. "He is a kind warlord."
	"Does he have...facial expressions?"
	"Of course." She was frowning again. "What are you talking about? Oh, I see. No, Warlord Syntyche is not like you at all." She looked away, and slowly started to smile, as if she was remembering someone that she was very fond of. "I think that he is bigger than you. Do you find that surprising?"
	Chislon felt confused. "I heard a story about a kind Warlord, once. I thought that, maybe, one day...I thought that I would be able to—"
	"Meet him? You will." Her smile disappeared as she looked at him again. "But first, you will tell me about the emitter. Who told you how to throw its magic?"
	"Ah, no. It is just a hoof pick...that the gods use to...pick hooves. I don't know. I cannot clearly remember using it." He frowned. "Where is Warlord Syntyche?"
	"No, no, no. I asked first. How does it work?"
	Chislon nodded slowly, wondering what kind of story she would accept. "First you must tell me about this kind warlord, this Warlord Syntyche."
	She bit her lip, as if weighing his promise. "Syntyche means speaker, and that is exactly what Warlord Syntyche is. He is one of the leaders of the Outland Council, and my commander.
	"His arrival was foretold to me a long time ago, before the Ixis stole everything I believed in, including my faith in God. For the longest time there was nobody to believe in, but now there is Warlord Syntyche, and when your Ixis friends meet him in battle, they will understand God's message.
	"He says that everything happens for a reason, and that our pasts are what make us what God wants us to be." She shook her head, as if struggling with her own logic. "But, you, Chislon of the Plainfolk. What are you? What have your past and your gods made of you?"
	"My gods?" What could Syntyche have told her?
	"Yes, your gods. The Plainfolk demoted our God, didn't they? He is now just a minor god in a twisted hierarchy of Ixis gods, an unimportant addition to your long list of more substanital gods. You Ixis create such incestuous monsters to be your gods; it is a wonder that you take yourselves seriously.
	"Do you really believe that there are so many gods, and that they are all idling among the clouds like spoiled children? Tell me, when you die, how will explain to the one true God that you demoted Him?"
	"Perhaps all gods are just aspects of the same God, like dipoles in a magnet are each part of the same magnetic field. All matter is a form of enery, and all energies are infinite, and thus everything is part of the same continuum."
	She was frowning again. "What are you talking about?"
	"If gods are infinite, then they must all share the same space, and if souls are infinite, perhaps the energies of all gods and all souls form a single whole. Thus, all gods can be aspects of the same God."
	She was rubbing her temples. "Is that the explanation you would give to God?"
	"No, it is just unitary theory. Souls are not scientifically plausible as quantum entities, and Heaven and Hell are part of a duality that is not rationally—"
	"What does scientifically mean?" The look of disgust was returning to her face.
	"It is a word, from a different place...." He looked down at the fishes. Their scales were flashing at him from the depths like stars twinkling. If Syntyche had survived, then the mission was still in progress, and he should not be saying these things. It did not seem wise to try to explain what he was, or where he came from, especially given the way she was looking at him.
	She asked, "Is it a word from the Plains, or somewhere else?"
	"I don't know."
	"Do you feel comfortable worshiping Ixis gods?"
	"I don't know."
	"You know very little."
	"I was—" he glanced at her, she was smiling at him "—not a normal child."
	"No kidding?"
	"We lived in a place where.... It was a monastery where there were many gods."
	"And where they taught you to kill?"
	"Yes. How did you know? Oh, yes, I see."
	"They did not teach you to be honorable though, did they. You deserted the Ixis legion. The Ixis will kill you for that, if you return to them. However, I don't understand why they let you join their legion in the first place. Your people have a reputation for deserting, you also deserted the Outland Alliance. Whatever your people believe in, it is not honor."
	"No. It would not be a factor in.... I was never taught to understand honor."
	"So I see."
	He hesitated as he gazed at her, then he cleared his throat. "Would it be dishonorable to ask whether Vibius hurt you?"
	"Yes, if he had hurt me, it would."
	"I do not understand. Does this mean that I can ask?"
	She was now smiling and frowning at the same time, but it was not an expression that made him want to smile back at her. Besides, even if it was an invitation to smile back, he did not trust his facial muscles to pick the right thoughts to convey. There were too many thoughts racing around to know which one might work.
	To his relief, she closed her eyes and gradually relaxed her face, releasing him from the need to concentrate on his own face. He was now at liberty to look at her as deeply as he wished. He could absorb the beauty of her hair, and the flush in her cheeks, and—she had opened her eyes.
	She was staring at him again, and he pulled himself away as quickly as he could. He stared at everything around them, while she stared at him. Now, even the fish were irritating to look at. This was all too confusing.
	His next opportunity to talk to her did not come for a whole day. He had tried several times to stir conversation, but it became increasingly evident that she did not want to talk. He had spent much of the afternoon thinking about questions that might flatter her, and perhaps even questions that might allow him to demonstrate his knowledge of her beliefs. However, her replies were always curt and dismissive.
	For example, "You must have been an angelic child," was acknowledged with an angry glance that left behind the overwhelming impression that she might never talk to him again. She continued walking, staying several paces away from him, while the day began to drag as if it too wanted to pull him away from her.
	When eventually she did speak, her words were not friendly, but at least they were words. "We will sleep here, until dawn. Nothing funny."
	He raised his palms to let her know that he had no humorous intentions, and then he lay down to wait. It was not long before the exhausted emitter—which she held as if it warded away evil spirits—fell to the ground between her legs. He decided not to retrieve it while she slept, hoping that she might thus be more inspired to trust him when she awoke.
	He was quieter than he needed to be as he pulled himself away from her sleeping face. He would hunt for breakfast; she had not eaten for a long while, judging by the way her body was weakening.
	He built a fire some distance from her, so that the sound of flints bashing through dry leaves would not awaken her. It took some time before he was able to create enough fire to sharpen a branch, yet still she remained asleep.
	The makeshift spear felt poorly balanced as he bounced the weapon in his palm. Yet, it would have to do, it was time to go in search of food. Soon thereafter, he happened upon a heavy animal that was snuffling toward him. It seemed to care little for caution, possibly because its size made it bold.
	He hurled the spear at it, and then retreated until it was squealing less rapidly. He was forced to end the unfortunate creature's distress at some risk to himself, because the feral pig remained ferocious, even as it died.
	As he stared at its dead body, he felt eddies of guilt swelling up behind his eyes. Pigs were one of the most intelligent creatures in this world, and the pig probably knew more about feeling emotions than he did. 
	With only a few genetic modifications, such a creature could contain more humane kindness than he might ever find in himself. It was also natural, unlike himself; so it might even have a soul, unlike himself. Perhaps this creature had more right to live than he ever would.
	He carried it back to the fire and pushed the spear through its mouth and hindquarters to make a spit. Soon the smell of burning fat and the loud snaps from the animal's splitting skin were reaching into the blackness.
	She bolted upright, snatching for the emitter. He remained motionless, watching her as she looked around. Eventually she relaxed and rubbed her mouth as if she was feeling sick, an impression that was reinforced by the way she walked toward the fire, crouched down as if her belly ached.
	He had been rehearsing the facial stretch that might mean welcome, and he had practiced his welcome message as well. "I did not wish to wake you. I chanced upon breakfast. You have been exhibiting hunger. I hope this pleases you."
	She stood close to the fire and began to shiver, as if she was in shock. "A pig," she stated flatly.
	"Is it too intelligent?" He began to stand up.
	"How did you...chance upon it?" The yellow flames filled the clearing with coziness, throwing tender tones over her cheeks and making her hair glisten, but she was not looking at him. Instead she continued to shiver, and stare at the pig. 
	"I am...not relaxed...that I killed it. I do not know how to tell whether an animal is too wise to eat."
	She looked at him, her eyes reflecting the flames as she slowly shook her head. "You are a man of many contradictions. I may never understand you."
	"I hope you will. I would like us to understand each other."
	"I doubt that we will ever—" She clamped her mouth shut, then sighed. "Pigs have cleft hooves, which some people believe to be a feature of the Devil. The Devil also has eyes, so I can't say that I can really understand why pigs are singled out as unfit to eat.
	"Anyway, I had a pet pig, once. His name was Pinky, and he was a very caring animal. He would even try to share his food with me, which is very unusual for a pig. Eating is an obsession for them. Sometimes I had to pretend to eat his food, so that he would start eating too. It was his way of showing his affection for me."
	"Can I hunt something else?" The cooking smells had suddenly become less inviting.
	She laughed again, eyes sparkling . "No. I had a pet butterfly too, for a while. I would hate to have you chance upon a butterfly for breakfast." She continued to laugh, waving to him to sit. "No, no, stay and eat. You know, you really ought to lighten up a little. Perhaps you should chance upon a sense of humor."
	"I am sorry."
	"And you need to stop apologizing for everything. Next you will be apologizing for being alive."
	"I am sorry—I mean—I am not sorry." He rubbed his forehead, which was as close as he could get to digging his fingers into his brain to untangle the conceptual complexity of this current cognitive overload.
	"You asked me about my childhood." She closed her eyes and hugged her arms around her body. "The Ixis killed my childhood, and they killed everything inside me that believed the world was good. Except ‘Raby. I always knew that 'Raby was still alive, and that if he did not give up on Summerdale, then neither could I. He was born to be a fighter, he was a warlord to everyone who knew him, and I was just an embarrassment to him, his worst warrior.
	"I used to have to pretend to be an Ixis soldier so that his warriors would have an enemy to hunt, so I spent much of my time alone, hiding. He never wanted me in his little army, because he thought I was so useless—and he was right.
	"Look at me. I am a warlady who has lost an army bigger than 'Raby could ever have dreamed of. An army that he would never have expected his useless sister to lead, but one that he would have been so proud to see. They were valiant people, every last one of them, and they all died for our faith. Yet, I was just pretending to be worthy of them, I was afraid of my own responsibilities. I pretended that I could lead them to victory, as if it was just a game, and as if nobody would get hurt, or die...."
	The crashing sound of tears falling on embers whipped into Chislon's conscience. This had to be the moment for him to confess his knowledge of her past. Yet, he did not know how to explain a knowledge that had been immortalized in an android's mind, to be archived in quantum-states and displayed as fractal air, all under the control of a god that could steal a memory like swatting a fly. He had no right to know anything about that android's dream.
	Would he be forced to explain to her what her childhood guardian angel had been? If she understood what Azoic was, would it undo the dream? He needed more time to think, so he asked, "Did anyone else survive Summerdale?"
	She looked up quickly, "You mean Jaalam?"
	"Jaalam?"
	"How quickly you forget those who die because of you."
	"Jaalam died because of me?"
	"He was tortured to death because he said that he had seen a wolf-god cutting iron with a string of light. You Ixis are very afraid of wolf-gods, aren't you? Two of them are supposed to own Erebus, and one day they are supposed to come back to reclaim it. Romulus and Remus I think you call them, right?"
	Rumors about his emitter could have travelled anywhere by now, due to the slaves that he had set free near the port-town of Ostia. Syntyche could already know that he was alive.
	She was shaking her head at him. "So, are you not going to apologize for Jaalam's death, as well?"
	Chislon wanted to swallow, as if the air in his mouth had solidified into a fist. "Yes, I am sorry, but I did not...." Did not what? Did not want to let him go free?
	"When you killed Luke, Jaalam thought he recognized you. He started telling everyone his Romulus and Remus story like a storyteller's apprentice. Jaalam was an artist, so he had too much smoke in his mind. Unfortunately, when the Ixis heard his stories they tortured him until he told them anything they wanted to hear."
	"I'm sorry. I could not have known that such things would happen." An uncomfortable silence followed that he did not know how to break through without clumsiness.
	"One day, 'Raby will fight with Warlord Syntyche and I. It is destiny, I believe, that 'Raby rejoin us."
	Chislon nodded, mutely. Was Merab still alive? Why did everyone he came in contact with have to suffer. It was as if his mere existence had to be continually paid for in human lives, and especially the lives of those that Neariah cared about. Some token of reassurance seemed appropriate. "If your brother is alive, the Ixis will not—"
	"He is alive! I know this beyond doubt. Some things cannot be explained, so just accept what I say. Merab and I are twins, we share a connection that you will never understand, Plainman."
	The force in her words caused him to lean back. "No, I think I understand. You and Merab share the same soul. I was also a twin of sorts, although not the same kind of twin as you, a different—" Why was it always so difficult to make sense when she was angry with him? "Genealogically, we were...." What was he saying? "No, you are right. I will never understand how you share a soul."
	"Soul-sharing? Your gods really twisted you, Plainman."
	"I'm sorry." He had been trying to compare himself to her, as if some commonality in their substantive configuration might make her care whether he lived or died. He was no longer certain that he cared himself, because it would surely feel better to be dead than to live as dead.
	He tried one last time to offer reassurance. "If you can feel whether Merab is—"
	"Souls. What do you, or your Ixis friends, know of souls? Some people do not deserve their souls."
	Her eyes were like liquid fire again, and Chislon could see that it was time to change the subject. Yet, when he needed thoughts, his thought-filled mind suddenly became empty. Except for one one small thought that remained, spinning freely in the absence of any other thoughts, but it was barely formed enough to come out as a question. 
	It released itself too loudly. "Do you have a bio-reproductive strategy?" 	It was a very short question, but he knew as he spoke that this was exactly the wrong opportunity to ask it. "A mate or a pair-bond or…I mean, you mentioned Warlord Syntyche, and I thought that maybe, you and he, were—"
	"The food is ready." She moved around the fire and sat behind the flames. This distorted his view of her face. The meal was consumed in silence, mechanically, leaving each of them to stare into the dying embers. When the meal was finished, they lay down on opposite sides of the fire, and Chislon scowled up at the stars, knowing that there was likely to be another long and depressing wait before she would tolerate a conversation with him again.
	Between the stars he could imagine lines forming shapes, as if the Heavens were full of meaning that transcended mortal understanding. Somewhere up there, a seedship was waiting. Perhaps Syntyche was already communicating with it. Perhaps the seedship gods, and Syntyche, had already disposed of their elusive enemy, the mysterious seedship that had chosen to hide somewhere in Erebus.
	Chislon had spent a lifetime being trained to kill, so that he might give this noble world to that insignificant speck, up there among the stars. Yet, he and Syntyche were not the only resources available to those seedship gods. Up there were rows upon rows of partially disassembled bodies, huge vats full of transparent tubing that contained frozen brain stems.
	Nearly every trainee had welcomed their termination, dying willingly so that they could relieve themselves of life's ungodly burdens. Unfortunately, for many of those that were terminated, death was not necessarily permanent. The reusable parts of each trainee remained available to the gods, preserved in case the gods might need to reassemble another mission.
	The gods could be attacking Erebus again at any time. An army of android-humans could be wreaking havoc across this delicate world, while the seedship slowly descended from the Heavens. What future was there for natural people if the gods wanted to repopulate this world with superior beings?
	It seemed that much hope lay in the hands of a kind Warlord. He could not imagine Syntyche as a warlord, he was not a leader of men, he was an island unto himself. His warlord title had to be part of a disguise, an identity that would belay suspicion about his unnatural capabilities. Syntyche had replaced almost every organ in his body with artificial devices, so he had as much in common with humans as humans had with viruses. If Syntyche ever found out how weak Chislon had become, or how his loyalties had changed, then the android-human could be the death of him.
	If Azoic had also survived, what would he be thinking at this moment? Strangely, over the backdrop of a starry sky, he could imagine Azoic wrapped in a white sheet, sitting on the sand.
	Azoic was wearing the epidermis of a particularly ancient Elder, with long white hair that blew in a gentle breeze, and he was pulling himself up on awkward legs, obviously distrustful of the sand beneath him.
	Like the great storyteller that he was, Azoic was talking quietly to those gathered around him, golden androids, all identical, but each only child-sized. They were sitting motionlessly, as if dormant, and as Chislon watched his own imagination playing out, the panorama wound around to show him what Azoic was searching for.
	Looking through the strands of Azoic's matted hair, Chislon could see through Azoic's starry eyes. Each eye was independently selecting a different part of their campfire for myopic scrutiny, but the gaze gradually collected together until it was staring directly at Chislon, eye to eye.
	The storyteller's eyes seemed to water as they blinked, each blink momentarily destroying his focus. Finally, the bent body began to rock back and forth with mounting excitement. "Eh, heh, heh, mmmm..." The voice was muffled and squeaky. "Eh, heh, heh...."
	The storyteller hopped away with unexpected sprightliness and his hands clapped together as he reclaimed his seat among the little androids.
	"It was a day like no other I have ever known. The grass danced as if it was trying to pull us into its rolling meadows. There was not the slightest hint of discontentment in the breeze, yet high above us, violently lacerated clouds hung in crimson swirls, framing the distant mountain they call Angel's Peak. That sharp white tip pierced the blood-red and turbulent clouds, like opening up the heart of the sky, just over there. Look!"
	Chislon looked to where Azoic was pointing, and another scene flashed into his imagined reality. He was staring up at a snow-capped mountain and he was awed by its magnificence; it dominated the purple horizon.
	"She's big, isn't she?" A large man was walking beside him, dressed in a green tunic. They seemed to be at the front of a long line of similarly attired walkers, an army of green warriors whistling in the wind.
	"Syntyche?" The inside of his mouth became dry, and he prepared to defend himself in case Syntyche attacked. "This must be a dream. Am I asleep?" 
	Syntyche ignored the question. "Why do you suppose that a mountain, such as that one, would be where it is?"
	"Tectonic compression."
	Syntyche puffed away a blade of grass that had been hanging from his lip. "It does look a bit lonely, doesn't it; as if God put it there for a particular reason."
	"I do not understand."
	"Oh, there is a story about Angel Peak...." Syntyche fell silent for just long enough to reach down and grab another blade of grass. "The story begins thousands of years ago, when one of the first men that God put on the world became curious about God's perspective on things. So, instead of tending to the early animal and plant life, as he was supposed to do, this man begged God to show him what it was like to be a god.
	"‘I have worked for you for a million years, and now your World is nearly ready,' said the man. ‘My animals and plants have grown numerous and they do not need me as they did. The time will soon come when you will drop your million children onto this paradise, and they will inherit my million years of work. So, is it too much that I ask to see the world from where you see it, after all the years I have given you?'
	"God considered the man's impudence and suddenly the earth began to heave in angry contortions. The ground shook and screamed, and a giant rock burst up from out of it to grow until it almost touched the stars.
	"Thus the rock took the form of a mountain. The man saw the mountain and he knew that, like a god, he would be able to see the entire world from on top of it, so he began to climb. The mountain became steeper and steeper, and the air became colder and colder, and soon the man realized that the mountain was too great for his weary body to overcome.
	"‘How can I climb this mountain?' he asked God. ‘This weary body limits me. I need a body which does not tire.'
	"Again God considered the man's ingratitude and suddenly the clouds rushed in toward the mountain. White lightning shredded the air above the man's head and a growl of thunder thumped into his chest, taking his breath away.
	"Yet, instead of being struck down dead, the man suddenly lost his weariness. Looking down at himself the man saw that he was now floating in the air as if he were pure light taking the form of a man.
	"The summit was easy to reach now, but when reached, the man found that the world was so far away below him that he could not even see his animals and his plants. ‘Is this all that a god can see?' he asked with disappointment. ‘How could you be a god of what you cannot see?'
	"Then the sky exploded with a soul-shaking fury, and a star rose from the summit, as light taking the form of an eye. What the man saw then cannot be described, but it is said that there is nothing lonelier than a star that is too far away from the animals and the plants. They also say that there is a frozen body up there that looks forever upward, emptied of life."
	Chislon struggled to find the significance of this story. "Was God punishing the man for his impudence?"
	"No, I don't think so. I think that God was angry because the man could already see like a god, since he was so close to the animals and plants. Perhaps the story explains that it was better for the man to be like God in a small way because it is too lonely to be like God in a big way."
	"Syntyche, this is a dream, isn't it?"
	"Don't we all want to be gods, Chislon? Don't we all want the power? Doesn't power give us happiness, and doesn't power take away every fear? We are superior creatures, you and I, and we can still evolve if we continue to re-engineer ourselves. Like the man on Angel Peak."
	"But that man found only loneliness."
	"He was just a man; we are not men. We are a new species; we are homo-logues, the descendents of homo-sapiens, and in this world full of humans we can live as gods."
	"Gods without souls?"
	"What need do we have for a soul, if we can live forever? Besides, who says that we don't have souls? A soul is not something that you can feel."
	"Neariah has a soul, I can feel that."
	Syntyche was smiling at him. "She feels good, doesn't she?"
	Chislon stepped back, his legs spread apart and his hands held out ready to fight. Syntyche shrugged and disappeared.
	He turned around slowly, searching between the trees for the grassy meadow. The star-filled night had become a bright day, and the fire had become ashes. Neariah was nowhere to be seen. It was as if time had shifted to steal her away from him, while suspending his awareness in a land of fantasy.
	"You were curled up like a baby, you must have slept well."
	He looked up. She was climbing down the trunk of a tree, smiling and bright-eyed.
	"No, I don't sleep. I don't...do that." He shook his head, trying to remember how he had lost ownership of his own mind again. The foundations beneath his consciousness were obviously yielding, and the structure of his universe was gradually beginning to collapse. He did not like these new experiences, these dreams, they were uncontrollable.
	Neariah sprang to the ground beside him. "In two days we will reach a village where we will get horses. Follow me." She grabbed a leaf-wrapped parcel from beside the fire, and started running into the trees.
	Chislon also began running, but he felt like a man chasing thoughts that were trying to escape his grasp. He was losing a desperate battle with an esoteric foe that seemed undefeatable, an alternative self that found amusement in releasing him into unfathomable moods. These moods, combined with the realization that Neariah was still unwilling to talk to him, made for a very long day.
	By mid-afternoon, they were climbing up over a carpet of slippery green fur that mottled a steep incline. He held his hand out to her in what was obviously an unnecessary gesture. They both knew that her climbing ability was up to the task. Yet, the gesture was the only way that he could think of to request a cessation of their silent conflict.
	"I do not need your help. Take your hand away."
	Chislon's own response surprised him. "Perhaps the Legate was correct when he accused you of being a little strongly tempered, Madam Warlady."
	She had not sounded grateful when she said, "Thank you". She had then pushed him out of her way.
	There was one further incident, on their final day of walking, which prompted dialogue. Chislon had immersed himself in the early morning outpour of a narrow spring. It was not a logical activity, but he had become preoccupied with analyzing another shoal of fishes.
	This shoal lived in a dark fissure, as if they feared the open water. He had submerged to examine them, but they had dispersed immediately. So, he had turned his back on them to let them know that he meant no harm and he was now waiting for them to return.
	He was thus lying face up, his ears filled with the underwater sounds of pebbles clattering and crashing. Only his face was exposed to the chilly air, and he could see the mist of his own exhalations disappearing into the sky.
	Everything around him was "alive" in its own inexplicable manner. The air smelled clean and fresh, laced with the delicate fragrance of wildflowers, and the leaves around the stream were brushed with fine lenses of dew. The crisp light gave these leaves glittering coats in the air's silky brightness.
	Neariah's sentence had also taken temporary form in the cold air in front of her face. He had seen her lips move, so he knew that she had asked, "A baptism to purge your conscience, or don't you feel?"
	"What did you say?" He sat up calmly and blinked away the splashes of water.
	"It is time to get going again. It is morning already." The grass crackled as she widened her stance.
	"Have you recovered from your sleep?" He had spent the entire night in physical discomfort to ensure that he would not dream. Unless sleep had become a corporeal necessity, he had no intention of inviting it to take control of his faculties again. 
	"To recover from sleep? You Plainfolk speak strangely."
	As Chislon stood she was shaking her head at his leggings. They were clinging to his legs more tightly than usual, but he could not see why they would interest her. In fact, they seemed to be stopping her from turning her back on him, as was her usual habit. He wondered if this could be an opportunity to say something less clumsy than was his own usual habit.
	"I was hoping that I might be able to catch some of the fish that are swimming along here. I wish to investigate the potential for a more varied diet than pigs and roots."
	"I don't need you to provide any diet at all. I am quite capable of looking after myself. Besides, a little hunger won't kill us."
	"So, you can ignore your hunger, or don't you feel?"
	"Don't worry about me. Just keep up!"
	He had scored a direct hit. He smiled. "I will do my best."
	She was still staring at him, as he carefully stepped toward her, wondering why she was not turning her back on him.
	Again she was examining his wet leggings. "Fish know when someone means them harm. If any fish saw you.... There would only be suckerfish in there, anyway. They are not edible."
	"Which ones are suckerfish?" Chislon could easily guess.
	"You don't know what a suckerfish is?" She seemed genuinely amazed. "They cling to rocks so the stream cannot carry them away." She considered this for a moment. "They are always afraid, and always hiding." She considered this also. Suddenly she turned and crunched up the grass away from him.
	Chislon did not know what he had said to cause such an abrupt behavior, unless females were prone to abrupt behavior without requiring rational provocation. The rules of social interaction were treacherous, and he could not begin to explain why they needed to be this complicated.
	It was always difficult to relax in her presence, and this day was no exception. He was repeatedly correcting the passive tensions in his major muscle groups, all of which continued to process excessive oxides. So, when they sat down that afternoon to eat the remaining meat, he was again rotating his shoulder joint experimentally.
	She watched him with interest. "That is a recent wound isn't it? I noticed another one behind your hip. Who has been stabbing you from behind?"
	"The Woodsfolk, and their arrow-devices."
	Neariah raised her eyebrows. "You heal very quickly. I had been meaning to ask you how you escaped from Godsmouth."
	"I ran."
	"So I see." Neariah inhaled deeply, and let out a sigh. "You are very unusual, Chislon." She looked into his eyes for a long time, and Chislon had to concentrate to prevent himself from looking away self-consciously.
	Then, much to his surprise, she stood up and stepped around behind him. Her fingertips touched his scar, injecting him with tension like the kickback from a negatron pulse, and he stiffened as the memory of the gods' pain-threshold trials clawed along his skeleton. The body-form table held him down as his limbs jerked, and a scream forced its way out of his lungs....
	She was making a "Ssshhh" sound, and he unclenched his fists, to prevent a reflexive retaliation.
	"What did they do to you, in that monastery?"
	"They controlled my thoughts."
	"But you knew that they were wrong to do that, didn't you?" He could feel her breath on the back of his neck.
	"I always hoped...." He wanted to ignore the discomfort that her touch was causing, but he also wanted to feel everything that she was doing.
	As her touch trickled across his back, toward his other scar, the sensation began to fill his entire torso, and his muscles started to shiver.
	"Hoped for what?"
	"I hoped that...one day I would reach somewhere...that your God...might forgive...."
	She was massaging his shoulder, pulling warmth into him, and allowing the air in his lungs to flow more smoothly. He rested his chin between his clavicles, and closed his eyes so that he could give himself up to the icy-warmth.
	"God forgives anyone who asks for forgiveness. Did you turn your back on God, when you went into that monastery?"
	The taut surface that stretched around his body seemed to have become unusually pliable; and overwhelmingly sensitive. "No, I was born there. I learned of your God while...in there."
	"Is that why you left?" The gentle circles that her fingertips were tracing swirled tingling sensations up his spine. He knew that he should explore these feelings, but he could not drive his mind into an objective analysis at this moment. He knew only that he did not want her to stop doing what she was doing. 
	"They let me...out...because I pretended to be perfect, but...." She had stopped touching him, and he was left staring into the trees, not knowing what to say.
	"How long were you in there?"
	"Since, ah, recently. Why do you ask this?"
	"I thought as much. You are so damaged. You never knew your parents, did you?"
	"I never...." He could not explain.
	"They left you there, at the monastery, when you were born. Yet, instead of being angry with them, you tried to be perfect for them, as if they were still watched you, like God does. I can understand that need to be perfect. If we are not punishing ourselves, we don't think that we are doing our best. But God is also our parent, and God loves us for our imperfections, because that is all we can ever be, imperfect."
	"Thank you for saying that. May I ask…I never understood love. It always seemed too far away to touch."
	"Perhaps, someday you will meet someone that you can love, but that will not happen if you can not love yourself."
	"Can you not hate yourself, and yet love someone else?"
	"Love is giving, so if you gave yourself to someone without loving yourself, you give a gift of hate. You do not give hate to those you love. Truly, have you never loved anyone, ever?"
	"Only you."
	"Hah!" Suddenly she slapped his arm. "So, you do have a sense of humor, after all." She stood up and started walking away again. He wanted to call after her, but his throat seemed to have knotted. Again she was running, and again he was following her, and again his thoughts were falling out like grains of sand from a fist.
	Later in that evening, they saw a group of riders on a nearby hill, and Neariah began waving to them as if she recognized them. The numbness in his mind gave ground to a heavy disappointment, knowing that their time alone was now over.
	He watched from a silent distance as she issued instructions to the riders, borrowed two horses and led one of them toward him. After that, it was then only a short ride to reach a village that was bursting with busy people.
	A large, fat and hairy creature with short legs and long arms was bouncing toward them. Chislon had to assume that the creature was human, because it was speaking.
	"Oh, my goodness! Oh, my Lord!"
	"Hello, Erchless." Neariah was laughing, obviously pleased to see this Erchless.
	"Oh my...." Erchless was speechless.
	"This is Chislon."
	"Neariah! I was praying for you, I was. We had a couple or two wounded warriors, what come in yesterday. They said Godsmouth were a disaster. They said you was all dead, every one of you all."
	His high-pitched whine carried out into the village as he waved his arms around, until, for the first time, he noticed Chislon and said, "Chislon?" Erchless looked back and forth between Neariah and Chislon with an almost tearful frown.
	Chislon could now see how very human Erchless was, despite his deformities. He was a mutant, a genetic throwback that looked more like an overgrown ape than a human. Yet, equally obviously, those around him accepted his slow mind as no less than equal.
	For the first time, Chislon began to wonder when in the human evolutionary path, people had credited themselves with souls, or even partial-souls. It was an intriguing question, since it opened up the possibility that there might once have been a human who was as soul-less as he was.
	"Is Warlord Syntyche here?" Neariah was rubbing Erchless' shoulders, and patting him on the back
	"I think, maybe."
	"Then go and tell him that we need to convene his council, immediately. Go, quickly, don't waste any time."
	"Of course. I go find. You wait here, or some place, and you be comfortable. We got nice seats—" he looked around anxiously "—and I get seats too. Oh, Neariah, it is good to see you! I thought you died." Erchless was crying in earnest now.
	Neariah squeezed his thick body, causing Erchless to cry even louder. His big hands hovered over her back as if fearing to touch her, until he eventually settled himself and stepped away, apologizing profusely.
	"I go fetch." He loped through the gathering crowd, still crying and waving his hands in the air.
	Neariah was then greeted by a group of women who pulled her into one of the nearby huts. She emerged, walking backward, no longer wearing his ripped and bloody tunic; instead she was wearing clean clothing, the same shapeless green tunic and leggings that all Woodsfolk warriors wore. She was indicating to the women that they should stop fussing over her, and that she was quite unharmed.
	By this time, Erchless had returned with his arms full of wine and biscuits. "I looked all over for him, Neariah. I think he is gone away again, or something. No one has seen him for days now. I forgot to tell you that." He busied himself with his plate of biscuits, and then looked up, startled. "You aren't unhappy with me, are you?" His jaw hung open, spilling crumbs over the plate that he was hugging.
	"No, I'm happy, Erchless. Eat your biscuits."
	"Oh, yes. Have some, you must be hungry." He held out his broken morsel for her and she took it gratefully. Then he held out another one for Chislon, and Chislon was forced to tug his attention away from the enchanting expression on Neariah's face so that he could examine the clay-like disk.
	"Thank you, Erchless." He nodded, stiffly, and chewed. The biscuit tasted awful, but Erchless watched intently as he ate it. Then Erchless seemed to remember his own mouth and he began filling it again, at great speed.
	"Erchless, I want you to see that our prisoner is looked after while I am gone."
	That was all that she had said as she had left. There was no explanation of where she was going, nor any indication of when she would return. Chislon stood beside Erchless in confused silence and watched her walk away.

~~~~~

	Evening was bleeding the color from the sky, and long shadows were reaching closer. As Chislon sat motionless on one of Erchless' chairs, he stared at his own mutating shadow. His back was turned to the ever-attentive Erchless so that he would not have to have a conversation with him.
	Neariah had left Chislon holding an emptiness that Neariah obviously had no intention of returning to fill, and Chislon's endless introspection merely served to increase his awareness of his own emptiness. How could she have walked off like that, without saying anything to him? He did not know what he had expected her to say, but he knew that if he had left her, he would have tried to make her feel...what?
	He had more important thoughts to think. The growing sounds of a village meeting were drifting toward him, as if the entire village had convened nearby. His own decision to protect this planet was surely a more important subject for his consideration than this pathetic wondering about where Neariah may or may not have gone. Was she attending the nearby meeting? Was there some way to combine the needs of this planet with his desire to see her again?
	He could pull at any moment of their short time together, replaying scenes on the back of his eyes, so he knew for certain that she had never offered friendship. He had begun to invent conversations that they might have had, if only he had been more skillful at talking to her. He could circumnavigate these invented scenes like a weight on a rope, but something in his mind would always snap as he flung himself back into reality.
	He shook his head to snap the rope again. In that reality she had been attending to more important matters, and to someone she was obviously loyal to. A sickly and intense pain crawled through him as he imagined this loyalty: she was holding her kind Warlord, and crying with joy to see him again. The Warlord was pulling away her clothing, and it was not making her angry, even though this Warlord was staring at her naked body, and she was enjoying the touch....
	He screwed his knuckles into his eyelids to stop the pain. It was an affliction, a disease of the mind. He was addicted to thoughts that should have no effect on a mind trained for rationality. If he so evidently lacked any qualities that might make him worthy of her, then he should not have sought her. He was a killer, as Ixis and as evil as Vibius had been. He had other gods, alien gods, destruction was his way of life, and he had not saved her childhood friends, Luke or Jaalam.
	Luke's words echoed in him still, that woodsfolk warrior had been right. One day he was going to die, and leave his gods behind. He would become nothing, while one day she would live in Heaven, a place that must be teaming with better people than he could ever hope to be, the home of a God who must be offended by his mere existence.
	When Syntyche's mission was over, their gods would probably terminate both of them, just as they had done with every other human or android-human that had failed them. Yet, there was also the chance that the rest of his life might not amount to the same nothingness that awaited him after death. He had only a vague notion of what might constitute an honorable epitaph, since the concept of honor continued to elude him. Yet, he wanted such an epitaph, an achievement that might give Neariah a reason to smile at his memory.
	He slapped his thigh as if to punish himself for such pitiful thoughts, and there was a cry of pain behind him. He turned to see that Erchless had fallen backward off his chair to land on his behind. The man looked very afraid, as if he was being attacked by an invisible monster. He backed away, sliding on his rear quarters, as Chislon squinted at him.
	"You surprised me, you did," whined Erchless. "Why did you hit yourself like that?"
	"I am going to the village meeting. Do not try to stop me." There were other warriors nearby who were also watching him, and they moved forward a few steps. "That includes you people." They moved backward a few steps.
	Erchless rolled onto one buttock to rub his posterior. "Yes, of course not. We had no intention, of anything...."
	Chislon nodded, and put his hand out to Erchless, frowning at himself because he did not understand why he felt the need to help Erchless stand up. Strangely, Erchless rolled further away and stood up on his own with remarkable speed, as if the offered hand contained a weapon. They stared at each other for a moment, both frowning, until Chislon walked away shaking his head.
	He walked into a smoke filled room that strained to capacity with people and argument. At the head table an old man was demanding silence, deeply offended by the lack of respect because he was hard pressed to collect everyone's attention. Chislon found himself confined between clusters of agitated people as an uncomfortable hush began to settle upon them.
	As soon as there was a complete and motionless silence, the old man promptly sat down, removing himself from Chislon's view. The person who then stood up to speak was Neariah.
	"Thank you, Elder. In the absence of our host warlord, I am convening this council meeting. Thank you for your attendance. The purpose of this meeting is not to examine our defeat at Godsmouth—" her eyes momentarily fixed in Chislon's direction "—and I fully accept the blame for everything that happened there. However, we knew that we would eventually have to give up our western outposts. Sometimes, death is the price of freedom." A murmur grew, and then stifled itself as she continued.
	"The Ixis occupied Godsmouth quicker than we could ever have imagined. They were highly trained, professional killers, and our warriors were just...volunteers. When they realize how few of us remain, it will only be a short while before they arrive in this region. There are some larger villages beyond here that they will attempt to possess, and that will give them ownership of this entire valley. Every day from this day onward, we must expect them to be moving closer to Castletown.
	"The Gathering is only sixty days away, and we still have much to do in preparation for it. Your Council of Elders has unanimously agreed that we must vacate this village, and move to Castletown to await the Gathering."
	This caused some mutters of approval that turned into louder objections as people began to question the implications of vacating their homes. By moving between the discussions around him, Chislon learned that Castletown was a safer place, and that the villagers held Warlord Syntyche in high regard. Some loudly proclaimed him to be the only warlord who was popular enough to lead the Gathering, but they also complained that they did not yet feel ready to join the Gathering.
	They had too many things to carry all the way to Castletown, and they were concerned about losing pets on the way, and they were worried about what would happen to their homes while they were gone, and they had unfinished jobs to do, and so on. The Elder immediately stood up and began shouting at them, furiously. Again it took some time to clear a silence.
	Neariah resumed her speech more loudly than before. "Do not attempt to take your personal possessions to Castletown. We will not be able to take anything that is not needed for the Gathering. However, do not attempt to leave anything hidden in the village, either. Nothing must remain that may be useful to the Ixis. We have no choice but to—" she looked around sympathetically "—burn the village."
	An explosion of protests tore through the room, bursting out of the windows to spill through to those listening outside. The arguments that followed caused some villagers to shake each other, some to cry, and others to sit down on the floor and stare into their laps.
	It was beyond the ability of the Elder to do anything about the uproar, and eventually he sat down and put his face in his hands. Neariah smiled at the Elder and put her hand on his back, as if telling him not worry, and then she drew her sword and lifted it into the air.
	She was staring directly at Chislon, and an increasing number of people were beginning to do the same. They started to move away from him, as if the fact that he was not one of them had suddenly become a threat to them. Beyond this, it was Neariah's stare that troubled him the most.
	She was now pointing the sword at him. "This man is called Chislon. He is a Plainman, and possibly an Ixis spy. He is almost certainly a mercenary who has no loyalty to anyone but himself, so he cannot be trusted. Some of us will take him to Castletown where Warlord Syntyche will know what to do with him. We leave immediately." With that she put her sword back in its scabbard, and walked out of the room.
	The villagers had now encircled him, a circle that Erchless suddenly broke through by waving his long arms frantically. "Whisper is waiting for you. Whisper is a horse. He is my horse. He is outside. Please don't be nasty to Whisper. He is my friend. He is a nice horse."
	Chislon frowned and followed Erchless out of the same exit that Neariah had just taken. There were thirty riders already waiting on horses, and one of them was Neariah. He mounted Whisper while Erchless mounted a smaller horse, then he patted Whisper on the neck to show Erchless that he was not going to be nasty to it; although, this did not make Erchless look any less worried.
	When he glanced at Neariah, who was again staring at him, she turned her horse away. The group of riders formed a line, and he again found himself tied to that tangle of thoughts that always seemed to drag him along in her wake.
	It soon became evident that he was expected to remain at the rear, while she remained in the lead. On several occasions he tried to ride up closer to her, but each time Erchless whistled quietly and the horse slowed down. In frustration, he considered kicking the horse harder, but the animal was just obeying its master, and conflicting commands seemed unnecessarily cruel.
	Instead, he decided to wait until they camped, but this decision demanded much patience, and much effort to control his frustration. In the confined space of the camp, it was again obvious that Neariah was avoiding him. Yet, she continued to watch him as if she was waiting for evil spirits to pop out of his ears. He stared back at her, expecting her to look away. Instead, she held his gaze for a moment; but as hard as Chislon tried, he could find nothing warm in her expression.
	He found himself wondering how unique she must be among females, because if all females were this unapproachable, the whole human race would have become extinct. It had to be a rare exception to find a female like this, a female who was so completely impossible to understand. What had he done to deserve the misfortune of meeting her, anyway? Why had he ever bothered to try to win her favor? It had been so much simpler when his mind had been operating rationally.
	As if her own coldness was not enough, Erchless always found ways to physically insert his fat face between them as they rode. Any attempt to pull some sort of conversation out of Neariah would be instantly countered by Erchless, saying, "You should save your words, Master Chislon." The phrase, "Master Chislon", was not meant to show respect, as it would if a slave were addressing a free person. It was meant as a reminder that he was Ixis, that the Ixis did not respect human liberties, that he was not one of God's people, and that his presence was an imposition upon Neariah's company. At least, that is what it felt like, even if Erchless was too simple to imply so much with so few words.
	Neariah had become a dangerous distraction, while events were becoming far too critical. He was indulging his own weaknesses, a lifetime of combat training was being dissolved to reveal something soft and pathetic, at a time when he most needed to draw upon the controlled sanity of his conditioning.
	Chislon's eyes fixed themselves on the distant fields, toward the place where a huge man was standing among hoards of green-clad warriors. The man was offering someone a battle-axe of almost godly proportions, by pushing the axe out in front of him as if it was merely a blade of grass.
	Chislon's jaw muscles relaxed to conserve the energy that was being wasted on useless facial expressions. The equilibrium throughout his body stabilized, and for the first time in a long while, he was fully in command of himself.


B5: COMMAND PERFORMANCE

	To Neariah, who watched Chislon at every opportunity she got, the changes were unmistakable. His face had become mean again, and he was suddenly uninterested in her. This confirmed her original suspicion: the Plainman was only pretending to care, he had been manipulating her all along. He obviously had his own intentions, and they seemed to involve Syntyche, but this Plainman would find himself in far worse trouble if he planned to manipulate Syntyche.
	Chislon seemed to be completely absorbed by the activities that they were riding into, a scene that she had to admit was quite impressive. There were thousands of warriors spread out over the rolling hills, sectioned into small groups of similar size. Among these, and no less obvious due to distance, stood the Great Warlord.
	An impressive man in any company, his presence was unmistakable because he was at least a head taller than those around him, and his limbs were as thick as tree trunks. Apart from Chislon, she had never seen a man who looked as large or as strong, so it was going to be very interesting to see what these two might make of each other.
	They had acquired several escorts, which were maintaining an unnecessarily rigid formation behind them. These escorts had assembled at great speed, galloping in from many different directions before separating themselves into flanking columns. The entire procedure had been carried out without any commands being issued, so it was probably a performance that had been rehersed to impress. However, she was not going to allow herself to appear impressed.
	The Outland army contained many skillful riders, but her Woodsfolk were had never been as competent with horses as Castletown's Meadowfolk. It was a different lifestyle out here. The castle in the distance was going to be her new home for a while, and she gritted her teeth as she tried not to think about the life that she had left behind in Godsmouth.
	The sight of the Woodsfolk and their accumulated escort proved too much of a distraction for many of the practicing fighters, who stood and gaped, but not Syntyche. As they got closer, it became apparent that he was personally supervising a pair of combatants.
	With his back presented to them, as if he was deliberately ignoring their arrival, Syntyche seemed more interested in fighting. He was encouraging a young warrior to pound an over-sized axe against a huge, mangled shield that Syntyche used to counter each blow as if casually swatting away flies.
	"You see, warrior? Deflection! It takes less effort to defend than to attack. Now, if I remove your axe, like this, and you take my shield, catch! Hold it up, defend yourself! Remember, you were saving some energy. Oh, so you have no energy left? In a battle, that mistake is the same as giving up your life! What did I tell you about—"
	"Syntyche, I hope we are not interrupting anything." She smiled, despite feeling irritated.
	"And since when did Warlady Neariah—" As he turned, his good humor disappeared. "Who is this?" He took a step forward and lifted the enormous axe at arm's length, until the axe-head hung over Whisper's mane.
	She was always impressed by his extraordinary strength, but it was hardly polite to demonstrate it to someone he had not even been introduced to. Behind him, the young warrior drooped over the mangled shield, panting, but Syntyche had not finished with him. "Pull your shoulders up and breathe more slowly, warrior. You need air, not grass!" The axe did not move away from Chislon as Syntyche spoke, and Syntyche did not look away from Chislon either.
	She could tell by his voice that he was only pretending to be angry, but then Syntyche loved to dramatize. She sighed to demonstrate her growing frustration.
	"This man is one of Vibius' Personal Guards. He tricked us into attending a meeting in the desert, without weapons, where he killed Luke. Then he tricked us into revealing the location of Godsmouth. I brought him here because he knows how to operate something that we may be able to use. Syntyche, we have things to discuss—in private!"
	She stretched the material around her hip pocket to show him the outline of the Plainman's emitter. Having seen its magic, she could now understand why Syntyche had drawn pictures of it, and why he had been so adamant that he be informed immediately should anyone be seen in possession of one. If the Ixis knew how to make these incredible things, they were surely all doomed.
	Syntyche did not seem to be alarmed by her find, instead he merely nodded. Then the axe lifted closer to Chislon's face and the warlord's smile grew larger. "You are trickier than a magician, it seems. What is your name, magician?"
	"He calls himself Chislon." She motioned toward the castle, where they could talk more confidentially.
	"Not a magician then, but a lap dummy? Must you have a warlady scratching your back to make you talk?"
	Chislon pushed the axe aside and waited until Syntyche had lowered it. "I am from a monastery in the Northern Plains. I joined the Ixis legions to learn more about them, and then to take appropriate action."
	"Oh, you joined the Ixis? Was that appropriate action?"
	Neariah could hear the patronizing tone, but Syntyche was just feigning disbelief. This indicated that he must already know something about this Plainman. She had a sneaking suspicion that he had been expecting Chislon all along, and that this conversation was merely for his own entertainment.
	"My commission into a legion facilitated covert assimilation."
	"You speak strangely." Syntyche was saying this as if he was offering a warning, as if he found Chislon's foreign accent to be offensive. "So, are you familiar with Erebus' defenses?" It was more a statement than a question. "And, yes, we have heard about a Chislon. But you could not be him. He was a famous Chislon, much favored by Ixis women." Syntyche glanced toward Neariah and asked, "Isn't that so?"
	She frowned at him, hard, with lips pressed firmly together. She wanted him to know that she had no intention of playing his silly games. 
	"Ah, I see. So the story is not so well known as I thought; the story of a strange man called Chislon who did strange things in Erebus?"
	She looked at Chislon, then back at Syntyche. What was he up to? "No, Warlord. Why don't you go ahead and tell us."
	"Oh, I suppose I could, if you insist. That famous Chislon was the first Challenger that the Ixis Colosseum has seen in many, many years; and that famous Chislon beat the best the Ixis had. Did you not know that, Neariah?"
	"It is not the kind of thing one would expect from a monk, is it? Perhaps we can dispense with the riddles and discuss Chislon's possible history somewhere else?"
	"Oh, no. I think these warriors are very interested in finding out about a Challenger—if that is what this man really was. It would certainly add excitement to see a Challenger fight. Who here would like the pleasure of fighting a Challenger?"
	Syntyche looked around with a broad smile. "Surely someone in this army must want to fight a Challenger. What better way is there to see if he is really what he says he is?"
	"Syntyche, this is not necessary—"
	"Oh, but Neariah, it is! Perhaps you would like to show us how to kill a Challenger yourself. You certainly seem to dislike the man enough."
	She turned her horse away and started urging it toward the castle's drawbridge. She had always thought that men could be such children sometimes, as if they always needed to prove something to themselves. Then she heard voices and frowned.
	Syntyche was telling Chislon to dismount, and she suddenly realized that they might go further than mere posturing. She halted her horse, dismounted and began walking back toward them with her fists clenched.
	She could not believe that Syntyche would pick a fight with someone he did not know, and since she had invited Chislon into Castletown, Chislon was her responsibility. Her father had suffered much for such principles and she was no exception. Her guest was under her protection. "Syntyche! You are not going to fight Chislon. Someone will get hurt. We have—"
	"I will fight who I damned well please! You just told us that this man is untrustworthy. You should feel relieved if the man gets killed."
	"No, I did not say that! You are mistaking my words—"
	"Well, in that case, you must mean that he is trustworthy!"
	Only a man could twist things this way. "Chislon hasn't done anything that.... Except.... Look, I don't know whether he can be trusted or not. Can't we stop playing—"
	"Listen to me, warriors! Please note that Warlady Neariah sponsors this Challenger today, and I will sponsor any warrior here to fight on behalf of Castletown." Syntyche then planted his axe between the feet of his recent student, and smiled into the young man's white face.
	Chislon vaulted from his saddle to land on the far side of his horse. She could see that Chislon was deadly serious, and she knew that he was an expert killer. "Stop this immediately! It is dishonorable to force warriors to fight like this. Besides, Challenging is an Ixis custom, and we are civilized people."
	"First you say that this man is an Ixis guard, then you say he is a warrior, and now it seems that you think he is honorable." Syntyche turned back toward Chislon. "I hope you realize, stranger, that if you are an impostor we will have to kill you. Warlady Neariah's honor is now also at stake, and I mean to protect her honor."
	She stepped forward, pushing Chislon's horse aside and standing between the two men. "I will not allow either of you to hurt each other." She pulled out her sword and pointed it at Syntyche while pushing her hand back toward Chislon to make him retreat. Syntyche was laughing at her, and she could see how foolish this must seem to everyone watching, but there was nothing else she could do.
	As she stared fiercely at Syntyche, she could feel Chislon's chest against her palm. She was pushing backward, but Chislon was refusing to retreat. Syntyche suddenly stepped closer to the animal's hindquarters where he puffed out his chest and grunted like a beast.
	There was a whistling sound that she immediately recognized as being a command to the horse, and the animal promptly bolted out through a tight parting of startled spectators. Not far away, Erchless would be readying himself to come to her defense even though he was a hopeless sword-fighter. This situation could lead to much bloodshed if Syntyche did not stop playing with everyone.
	Syntyche pointed his finger at her sword, and she pointed her sword back at his finger, trying to look as menacing as she could. She needed to look like she would cut off his finger if he came any closer. Yet, she knew that she had no intention of cutting anyone. Surely, this was just another one of Syntyche's little social experiments, and soon the joke would be over.
	Suddenly the sword seemed to twist out of her hand and Syntyche was throwing it into the ground beside his retreating student. Then Syntyche set himself into a widely spread stance, and she looked back and forth between the two fighters, realizing that it might already too late to stop them. At least they were not armed.
	Both men seemed to be committed to combat, their arms and legs reacting to the other's motions in strangely serene harmony, as if invisible cords connected them. She had developed her own fighting skills to the point that she considered herself quite capable, but she had never seen anything quite like this. They were so similar in the way they moved, as if each could sense what the other's limbs were about to do.
	As they moved closer together, she again wondered at how strikingly similar they were. Both had perfectly symmetrical features, in faces that were angelically flawless. Both had that same strange, over-developed musculature, which would look ungainly if their movements did not always flow with such agile precision, and both of these men radiated the same distinctive air of self-possession.
	Syntyche attacked—a half step followed by a thrusting kick that launched out of nowhere. The ball of his foot found empty space. Chislon had not blocked the kick, but he had retreated, and Syntyche laughed with delight as his continued advance caused Chislon to back-pace. She found herself crushed by an enthralled crowd, although few among them seemed to share her sense of horror.
	People were pushing too close to the fighters, and she could see that Chislon would soon be unable to retreat without hurting someone. Chislon suddenly received a side-kick to his raised shoulder, an impact that could have knocked over a horse.
	As if he had anticipated the blow, Chislon had crouched lower, while twisting his upper torso. She knew that this was supposed to extend the impact area and reduce the likelihood of bone-breakage, but she could not believe that he was still standing up. Then he unrolled a backhanded fist onto Syntyche's nose, and she gasped as she heard the sound, like the snap of a twig.
	Syntyche was balanced precariously, and he was forced to dodge a thrust of stiffened fingers to his sternum. He arched backward on one hand, flipping himself over in mid-air and landing in another widely spread stance. This brought a great cheer from his warriors, and he stood upright to bow toward his audience, elaborately.
	As he straightened, it became evident that his nose was bleeding. He rubbed his face, smeared blood over his cheek, frowned at his bloody fingertips and then frowned at Chislon. "Ahah, time to die, stranger!" He was moving toward the area where he had just planted Neariah's sword, and she pushed her way forward to stop him.
	"No, Syntyche! You are not being fair!"
	He did not even look at her. Instead, he plucked the sword from the ground and slashed angrily at the air. Chislon was still unarmed, and he was retreating as Syntyche growled at him. Chislon's hand was stretched out in front of him as if it could serve as a replacement for a sword, and Neariah winced, as she imagined Chislon losing his hand. Yet, he was moving his hand out of the way of each of Syntyche's slashes with a skill that made it look as if he could predict every strike.
	The student that Syntyche had been shouting at earlier, suddenly fell out between the huddled spectators and threw another sword into the clearing. Syntyche stopped slashing, and stared at the fallen sword as if he could not believe the young warrior's impudence.
	The sword was lying in the grass near Chislon's feet, and Syntyche turned to frown at the young warrior. The young warrior was looking back, white-faced yet defiant, as if trying to make known his displeasure at his warlord's behavior. She wanted to thank the young man, as if the young man might serve as an example of the changing mood around them, but Syntyche was already interrupting her.
	"Go ahead and arm yourself, Challenger!" As Chislon bent to pick up the sword, Syntyche sliced down on him without warning, screaming like an enraged barbarian. Neariah screamed too, and ran toward Syntyche's back, not knowing what she might do when she caught him.
	Chislon had rolled sideways, and she could hear the clash of metal. She hoped that Chislon had somehow managed to grab the fallen sword before Syntyche cut him. But she could not see whether Chislon was harmed. She was holding Syntyche's neck, but it was like holding a tree in a storm. Syntyche arched forward, and with a swatting gesture sent her flying through the air.
	As she picked herself up, she could see the ball of Chislon's foot impacting the side of Syntyche's head, and suddenly Syntyche was staggering backward, groaning loudly and looking up at the sky. She readied herself to charge again, knowing that she would again bounce, but then she froze as he looked over his shoulder and winked at her.
	From the shouting around her, she could tell that Chislon had gained much support, which might make Chislon's death less appealing to Syntyche. Yet that wink had meant that Syntyche was just pretending to be hurt, as if he was merely testing the allegiance of his men; as if he was looking to them for loyalty, while inspiring the opposite with his foolishness.
	She could not possibly understand why Syntyche would cause such public embarrassment, or why he would attack an opponent who was even less likely to understand that this was just a game. Syntyche was still looking at her, but now he was grinning roguishly, as if he was delighted with her confusion. She backed away into the crowd to give herself time to think, there had to be some sense in this somewhere.
	Indeed, it was reasonable for Syntyche to test Chislon, but it was not reasonable for him to test Chislon in this way. Thus, this fight was not about proving whether Chislon had been a Challenger, more likely it was about proving that Syntyche was better than a Challenger. Was Syntyche unwilling to respect Chislon precisely because Chislon had been a Challenger?
	Syntyche removed a second sword from one of his warriors, and he began to glare across the front row of spectators by slowly swinging around his bloody chin, stuck out in a ridiculous expression of vainglory. The crowd was so worked up by now that they had become his playthings, but he was filling them with bewildering emotions.
	The warriors probably recognized the need for a convincing demonstration of fighting skills, but she was certainly not alone in wanting both men to remain unhurt. Some were mumbling about the unfairness of the fight, and others were expressing astonishment that their Warlord could behave this way.
	"Hear my words, Challenger! No one has ever beaten me with a sword, and no one has ever beaten me without one, either. You are supposed to be dead by now, but you will not trick me much longer! Prepare to meet your gods!"
	This received actual mutters of disapproval from his warriors, but Syntyche did not seem to hear anything but his own growl. Syntyche was attacking again with both swords, while walking forward with an arrogant stride toward a man whose face had, only a moment ago, been unreadable. Now she could suddenly see something in Chislon's eyes that she had not seen since that night by the fire: sadness, an abandoned child left to die.
	He was stepping backward, shaking his head, as if he was trying to say something to Syntyche that was beyond words. Whatever it was, it seemed to have little effect on Syntyche, who was obviously revelling in the crowd's astonishment. His swords were lacing through the air with impossible speed, performing a complicated interaction without either sword once scraping against the other.
	She pushed forward, determined to place herself in Syntyche's way again, but she slowed herself as she heard Chislon whispering, as if reciting a verse. "The faster the motion, the greater is a sword's inertial commitment to its focus. Two swords are even more committed when one sword is a slave to the space provided by the other."
	Syntyche's reply was far louder. "Ah, so you think that I am a slave to my anger do you Challenger?"
	"We are both slaves to our gods." Chislon parried sideways, avoiding the sword that had been on the verge of skewering his chest. Then his sword met the remaining sword with a sharp ping and both blades broke, sending pieces of metal flickering out over the crowd. Syntyche then stabbed into Chislon's exposed side with his spare sword, only to miss by the width of a finger.
	Suddenly the two men were motionless; face to face, and eye to eye. Chislon's broken sword was touching the underside of Syntyche's throat. A line of blood from Syntyche's nose was glistening down the blade, giving the illusion that the missing half of Chislon's blade was inside Syntyche's skull. There was a deathly silence around them, as if no one dared to breathe.
	Chislon whispered, "Do our gods need blood this day?"
	Syntyche moved his chin slowly, away from Chislon and carefully toward the nervous young warrior that had thrown Chislon the sword. "You!" The word was forced out through clenched teeth, almost as if he were accusing the young warrior of causing his present discomfort. "Should I kill this Challenger, or not?"
	The young warrior was taken aback by the question. He looked around desperately for advice, but his fellow warriors could only stare back at him with blank expressions.
	"Uh, sir? Could you let the Challenger live, sir?"
	"Hah!" Syntyche lifted his head and stepped backward. "Does anyone else here want this Challenger to live?"
	Neariah could see warriors look away as Syntyche stared at them, but when his gaze met hers she glared back with barely contained frustration. "Chislon is my geust, he does not deserve to be treated this way!"
	"Oh, really? And how should he be treated then?"
	She squinted and bit her lip. She was not going to be provoked. "Without Chislon, I would not have escaped from the Ixis. He is my guest here, and you will treat him with respect or I will—"
	"What? Fight me?" Syntyche pointed his half-sword at her. Before she even had time to react, Chislon had kicked Syntyche's chin, knocking him onto the ground in front of the crowd. Syntyche launched himself upright with one arm, and stood with his hands on his hips, smiling. His swords remained on the ground where they had just fallen, and he looked from Chislon to Neariah and back again. His smile grew into a laugh, which became louder until he was bent over at the waist.
	Neariah frowned. "What is so funny?"
	Syntyche suddenly stopped laughing. "Ahah, that you must figure out for yourself. Meanwhile, Chislon and I are going to have a discussion, in private!" He turned and started walking away, leaving her looking at Chislon with acute discomfort.
	Oddly enough, Chislon did not seem to be as disgusted with Syntyche's behavior as she was. He nodded at her without any warmth in his face, dropped his own half-sword onto the ground, then followed Syntyche toward the castle. The two of them entered Castletown walking side by side like friends, as if Chislon had immediately forgiven Syntyche for his rudeness.

~~~~~

	Only when the two men were alone together, inside one of Castletown's huge bathing pools, did Syntyche break the silence with a sigh. As he sighed, he forced himself to relax and pull his attention away from Chislon's far more composed features.
	He had forgotten how fiercely unfriendly his half-brother's face looked. It suddenly seemed ridiculous to imagine that such a face might smile back at him, a face that seemed destined never to smile. He was becoming increasingly uncertain that he was doing the right thing, even though this man was his only remaining brother.
	Syntyche was very comfortable with his new identity. He knew the pleasure of giving, as that cultivating other minds was reason enough for living. He was a teacher by his own choice and a preacher by God's calling, and everyone loved him. Life had become more precious than he could ever have dreamed, and everything he did seemed to bring admiration from his followers.
	He was proud of his roles: teacher, preacher and warlord to the people of Castletown. These roles often conflicted, but each was a world away from that timeless emptiness that had been their previous existence.
	In those days, his only means of escaping the eternal loneliness had been to immerse himself in technical analysis. Now, thanks to a God who defied analysis, he was always filled with splendid emotions, and he never felt the need to escape. Emotion was like the heat in a fire, without which a life could become dark and meaningless.
	He remembered how anger had once fueled his life; how he had hated those with whom he had been competing for survival, especially Chislon. They had all undergone the same training, and each had been forced to find their own personal way to cope with the damnation of being alive.
	How inferior he had considered his competition to be, and how incredible it had seemed that the gods might favor a mere human over an android-human. How he had wished to be able to isolate himself from his feelings as efficiently as Chislon had; how he had wished that he could appear as excellent as Chislon had appeared to those unfeeling gods.
	Yet that was all behind him now, or at least it had been until Chislon had turned up. He concentrated on the thick feel of the water vapors. "These baths are one of the finest things about life on this planet. The air over hot water is so alive with passion. Talking of which, I trust that you have not fallen in love with my favorite female."
	There was a moment of silence before Chislon answered. "Why do you trust this?"
	"You appeared to have feelings for her. Am I wrong?"
	Chislon sank lower, leaving only his head above water. "Did you initiate that performance to test whether I have feelings?"
	Syntyche laughed. "Of course not. Every self-aware mind has feelings. No, I just wanted to see how much you had warmed up inside, since that life in the seedship. Even a mind as perfectly structured as yours has to defrost after a couple of years of freedom. However, the thought of you and Neariah, together, was just too—I am sorry; I suppose that I must have a perverse sense of humor.
	"Oh, Chislon. My dear friend. I should not have laughed at you like that, but I know what it takes to make Neariah light up like a flame, and it isn't you. She is hardened on the outside, like tempered steel, but inside, she is full of a unique passion. Yes, such passion! Hers is not the passion of stirring vapors. No, she has the passion of an exploding volcano.
	"She burns inside, with such passion that only someone who understands—ah, but I can see that you don't find Neariah as intriguing as I do." He paused, there had not been any sign of a reaction. He blew a long vortex of vapors toward the unblinking eyes. "Blank pages are difficult to read, but you don't even seem to have pages. So, it seems that my favorite female is safe from you."
	"Did you say a couple of years?"
	"What?"
	"How long have you been on this planet?"
	"About six hundred days. Why do you ask? Have you not been on the planet for the same length of time?"
	"I am aware of only fifty planetary days."
	"Really? Your pod must have put you into hibernation. So, should I be asking you if your mind is damaged?"
	"Do you observe inconsistencies?"
	"No, no. You seem just as...." Syntyche looked away. It had taken much to hide his anxiety when he had seen Chislon walking down the hill. It was as if those evil gods had suddenly come back to terminate him for abandoning them. Obviously, Chislon had remained loyal to them, as only Chislon could. If there was any hope for Chislon, fifty days of naturalization experience was not much to work with.
	More than anyone else, he needed to show his new God to his half-brother. It was a strange need, one that he did not yet understand. Perhaps it was a kind of family instinct, perhaps he did not want to think of Chislon as being alien, yet this was Human Six Six Six, the perfect one, and as such it could belong to nobody's family. Chislon might be irreversibly condemned to being that artificial product that he had been created to be, and until this proved incorrect, Syntyche had few options. He could not trust Chislon, not just yet.
	He knew that Chislon could be an invaluable assistant in their attempt to free the Outlands from the Ixis. Unfortunately, Chislon would be quite capable of abandoning the Outland Alliance without remorse, should their war against the Ixis cease to be beneficial to Chislon's mission. So Syntyche's only recourse was subtle manipulation; the greatest shame in which was that Chislon could not be shown a new God.
	First, he had to convince Chislon that his role of preacher was merely a cover. Chislon must remain convinced that they still shared the same allegiance. Disobeying those false gods would be the gravest of sins, in Chislon's predictable mind, so the activities in Castletown needed to be explained in terms of their contribution to their original mission.
	He realized that Chislon was watching him through the heavy vapors and he clenched his fists under the water. "Oh, yes. The previous performance, as you called it. I had to allow you to get the better of me to demonstrate to my warriors that you are worthy of a command in our army. It was also necessary to counteract any weakening of your reputation, caused by Neariah's obvious distrust. You may not appreciate the need for such a performance, since you have not had time to become socially assimilated. For the same reason, you may not yet appreciate why I must maintain the impression that I am a preacher, to stay in control of the Outland army.
	"My warriors are more responsive in an emotive atmosphere, and they will come to trust you more easily if you show them feelings that they can understand. If you do not learn to communicate emotions, you will have difficulty teaching them anything at all. I assume we are in agreement that this war should be used to our advantage? A thorough search of Erebus will not be possible until we have captured it. Agreed?"
	"You assume that I failed to locate the enemy seedship."
	Syntyche leaned forward, splashing water over Chislon's chin. "I have had spies in Erebus for a year now, and some of them have even penetrated the Inner City. If that seedship was available to be found, you would not be here, right?"
	"That is possible."
	Syntyche nodded, then leaned back to rest his head on the tiled ledge. "This war is useful to us, is it not?"
	"How many warriors do you have? What is their status?"
	"Oh, don't worry. We started training them a year ago. Am I to suppose that you would still have been unconscious in your life-pod back then? Where is it, by the way?"
	"At the bottom of an ocean."
	Syntyche played his hand across the steam, trying not to show his surprise. "Oh, so you were afloat when you were released from hibernation?" That would make Chislon's survival even more miraculous. "You must have found hibernation somewhat challenging." He toyed with adding, "Oh, Chislon, the perfect one".
	"Explain your responsibilities as a preacher."
	"Ahah, yes. A good question. They call me Ecclesiastes, the preacher, because I memorized their Scriptures on sight. The words of God can support any side of an argument, depending upon how one reinterprets them. I chair the Warlord's Council, which makes me the highest authority in this region, during this war at least. You will assume the role of Warlord Regent, reporting directly to me. There are other warlords, in other regions, who may also feel entitled to that role, so we should expect some political repercussions. If I put you in charge of training, any warlords who object will then have to contend with me, the Chairperson of the Warlord's Council."
	"Do these warlords realize that you are attempting to manipulate them?"
	Syntyche carefully leaned his head sideways until his ear was pressing against the hard tiles. Did this question imply that Chislon was also aware that he was being manipulated? Syntyche re-examined his confidence in his ability to predict what Chislon was thinking, but chose to continue with his original strategy, this time by showing irritation.
	"You should have more faith in me. It has taken greater skill than you can perhaps appreciate to launch the Gathering. Wait until you have learned how difficult it is to lead people, before being so judgmental." He wiped the water off his face. "So, tell me, how much have you accomplished since you arrived?"
	Chislon inhaled deeply, and Syntyche tried to imagine that some measure of contentment had seeped into him. Of course, the breath turned out to be the exact air-volume required to issue an efficient summary. "Ixis mythology talks of a structure called the Ixis Dome that was once the home of Ixis Priests. It stood in the center of a circular expanse of ‘cursed' sand that was contained within a larger structure called the Temple Principia. The Temple Principia is said to have been destroyed by a firestorm eighteen years ago."
	Syntyche waved away the steam to get a better look at Chislon's face. "Yes, that firestorm occurred during Azoic's mission. Our seedship dropped an android crew just outside Erebus and then sprayed Erebus itself with energet. It was a complete mess, the resulting firestorm blew the energet residuals all over the desert, frying all the androids. That is why the gods did not want to use androids again in our mission, except for Azoic of course....
	In fact, the gods never did figure out why he survived, but his mind would certainly not have coped with whatever attacked our shuttle. He is probably still sitting in his pod out there, somewhere." Chislon's eyes were closed, which could have meant anything. Syntyche was not able to see the slightest sign of sadness. "So, I suppose that we can safely assume that our disfunctional, pathetic and entirely useless android failed, once again."
	Chislon's cold response only served to increase Syntyche's disappointment. "Have you had time to develop more advanced weapons, vehicles or communications?"
	"Yes, I wondered when you would ask about things scientific. We have been working on many inventions, but it is a slow process. I appointed a group of scholars, and I continue to influence their research—as indirectly as possible, I must add. We have to be careful about the impact of science on a pre-technological society.
	"Our association with any profound technological inventions could unfavorably impact our status in this culture. The warriors would see the tools of more advanced warfare as dishonorable, so if we need them, they will have to be introduced gradually. 
	"We have some long range ballistic ordinance, catapults with stress-compensated cross-frames. The incendiary devices are a more complicated situation. Experiments are in progress with reactive agents, potassium nitrate, sulfur and charcoal. The scholars are even launching projectiles through metal tubes, and air-shock grenades have been prototyped. Yet, so far, these weapons are as likely to damage our own forces as the Ixis.
	"All explosive experiments are being conducted in a remote, subterranean location, where hopefully the enemy seedship will not detect them. It would be unwise to train our warriors in the use of these explosives, since unexplained fires would be associated with evil, and they are a superstitious race.
	"Elsewhere, our communications have been standardized and a simple rotating code is in use. Arm signals, interrupted light beams and messenger relays are practiced throughout the army. Obviously, the discovery of electro-magnetism is not pragmatic. The use of amplitude-modulated radio-frequency propagation between omni-directional antennae that stick out of magical speaking boxes would not be too acceptable, would it?"
	Chislon did not answer.
	"It isn't the development process that slows us down, it is the cultural acclimatization, you see? Well, you have to imagine the sudden appearance of say, a truck-wagon powered by a constrained-combustion engine...."
	Syntyche stopped himself, shook his head and flicked at the water. Chislon showed no appreciation of such problems. He tried again. "You know, Chislon, the people of this planet fear everything that they do not understand. They see something that can destroy life too efficiently, and they will credit its design to the Devil.
	"You must have seen this behavior, even with the Ixis. They can worship invisible gods who are as argumentative as devils, but a visible mystery will make them feel insecure. The inventions that could be of most benefit to this war, would also challenge the warriors' honor. If they are ever given reason to see you or I as dishonorable, perhaps we too would become an evil to be opposed. So, we must fight this war their way."
	"Define honorable."
	He pushed the wet hair from his forehead. "Yes, I thought you might ask that. It must be a difficult concept for you to understand, but it is important, it is a huge part of what they are. It is the foundation of their faith in life, their reason for being. If you are to pretend to be one of them, you will have to learn how to at appear honorable, even if you are not.
	"Unfortunately, I can't explain such an appearance in behavioral terms, mere examples would make it seem ludicrous to you. It is too vague a thing, it is more like a feeling, of belonging or of self-worth.
	"It is a feeling gained through one's compliance with those motivational norms that place the well-being of one's society above the desires of oneself. But, you really have to behold the power it stirs inside you to properly appreciate it. I suppose there will always be some people who will never learn to be honorable."
	"Do you still have your emitter?"
	He shrugged. "It is depleted, my pod couldn't recharge it, and I assume that your pod was equally incapacitated."
	"Why do you assume that?"
	"You would not have allowed an emitter that contained energet to fall into the hands of someone who hates you."
	"No." There was a pause. "Where is your life-pod?"
	"It landed itself on a mountain that they call Angel Peak."
	For a moment, Syntyche wondered whether Chislon had flinched. "Yes, I jumped out while the damned thing was exploding, and found myself half-way down the mountain with chunks of skin blown off. As you can see, my good looks regenerated perfectly, you've got to love those medic-ANTS they stuffed into us."
	"Where are your instruments?"
	Syntyche frowned. "While becoming airborn I found myself unable to grab a single one of them, except my emitter." He could imagine Chislon's disapproval. "Look, Angel Peak is a strange place. The explosion, and unfamiliar air, strange air—maybe it was the altitude, maybe oxygen deprivation—I made a mistake, we are not all perfect!"
	The quick slapping of bare feet on the slate floor tiles halted further discussion. It was the bath-keeper, Balneator, running into their chamber with towels and spluttering apologies. "I'm sorry, Lord Syntyche, but Warlady Neariah insisted. She wishes to speak with you, ah, quite immediately too, Sir."
	"Tell me that you did not let her in here, Balneator?" Syntyche stood up, beckoning to Balneator to give him one of the towels. "Excuse me, Chislon. The woman is rather demanding, and it is certainly not beyond her to storm into a man's bath chamber without warning." As he climbed out of the tub he noticed that Chislon's eyes had closed again, as if he was completely unconcerned about the sudden threat to their modesty.
	Syntyche relieved Balneator of a second towel, grabbed a bathrobe from a wall hook near the door and hurried out. He needed to find more Warlord-ish attire before talking to her, but as he ran around the courtyard's fountain he heard her calling out to him. It was too late, he had been cornered.
	He tightened his bathrobe, and continued his rush through the cloisters without looking back, but he could hear her splashing through the fountain-pool to cut him off. He then made the mistake of glancing toward her, and he sighed; the determined frown undoubtedly belonged to someone who could not be kept waiting a moment longer.
	"Syntyche, I did not enjoy being ignored! Regardless of whether or not you know that Plainman, it is poor etiquette!"
	Especially in public, added Syntyche, silently. "Do you wish to chastise me?" Could he ever have a truly peaceful conversation with Neariah?
	"No, Syntyche, of course not. It's just that—only—that—if Chislon had not gone back to the Ixis, they would not have known about our defenses! He was the reason the Ixis defeated us so quickly!" She slapped at her wet hair and glared up at him, her frustration elevating.
	"Slow down. I must be a slower listener than you think. Here, step out of the water and wipe your face." He offered her one of his towels and she gripped it in her fists as if she was strangling the life out of it. Her face remained scornful, and she continued to drip into the fountain-pool that she seemed so unwilling to step out of.
	He glanced down at the helpless towel with exaggerated sympathy, and then shook his head at her. "Now, let me see if I understand what happened. Chislon escaped from Godsmouth twice—first after entering Godsmouth to offer peace terms, and then to rescue you. I am assuming that the first time he visited Godsmouth he was not very welcome."
	"Of course not! He was an Ixis!"
	"An Ixis would not have rescued you. An Ixis would sooner have raped you."
	Neariah was biting her lip, a certain indication that her passions were getting the better of her again. "But how can we trust his motives? He may not be on our side, or theirs. We hardly know anything about the Plainfolk. Besides, what was all that nonsense about being a monk, and challenging the Emperor? You have to admit, that is a most unlikely story."
	"How did you become one of the Woodsfolk?"
	"I have always been with the Woodsfolk," she answered slowly. "What do you mean?"
	"I heard another unlikely story, that you were once a child of the desert. However, the desert belongs to the Ixis, so does that make you Ixis?"
	"My origins have nothing to do with this! Your new friend is the danger here! What is he, and what god does he serve?"
	Syntche leaned his head sideways. "What god?" 
	"He is a stranger."
	"No, he is not a stranger to me. I know him as well as he can be known, and I am telling you that we can trust him."
	"How could you know him? Let me guess, you grew up in the same monastery together?"
	Syntyche smiled, watching the surprise on her face as she realized that this was exactly the story he was going to tell her. "Do you remember what I told you about the High Priests that raised me? They gave me an emitter to protect myself from heathens, while I spread the word of God? Well, as I traveled I found other monasteries, like Chislon's."
	She pulled Chislon's emitter out from under her wet tunic. "You are saying that he didn't steal this thing? Surely, you are not going to tell me that he is also a Priest?"
	"Ah, no. He failed to qualify. Too insensitive I imagine. He probably failed to feel his calling, but he is willing to serve mine. So, he is almost as much God's servant as you or I."
	"He serves our God? He did not tell me this."
	"Perhaps he trusts you as little as you trust him. Neariah, if he is so dangerous, why did he let you keep that emitter? Have you seen what it can do?"
	"Yes, but now it's broken. Either that, or he knows that I can not make it work. He let me keep it so that I would not distrust him, but he could have taken it back at any time. If he wanted my trust why didn't he just tell me that he knew you, or that he had once tried to be a Priest? Why does he hide his feelings, as if he hates—"
	She bit her lip again. "Why did he kill Luke like a sacrificial lamb? He says such kind things, and then, in the same sentence, he is as cruel as an Ixis."
	"He shares our God, but he gets confused. I don't know why he killed your friend, but I can tell you why he has difficulty with his feelings. He was a very abused child. He was an orphan who did not know what love was. He still doesn't, and he probably never will. Fortunately, his work here will not require him to understand love."
	She was suddenly staring at him as if she was too stunned by this suggestion to speak.
	He continued quickly. "What kind of God did your people show him in Godsmouth, while you were shooting arrows into his back? I have heard many stories about what happened there, you were not the first to arrive, and the stories are already becoming legends. Meanwhile, what reason have you given him to believe that our God is any better than the Ixis gods?"
	"No, this is not right, this does not make sense. Why did he join the Ixis in the first place?"
	"As he told us, he was spying on them to see what kind of people his country had formed a pact with. Perhaps he was trying to find a way to protect his own people. They may not have had any choice when they joined the Empire. Besides, I receive many reports from Erebus, and none of these reports have ever described a man who has been more hated by the Ixis than Chislon.
	"Why can't you forgive him for whatever crimes you think he committed? Were those crimes not committed before he understood what we are fighting for? We need him here, Neariah, and you have to at least pretend to like him, for the sake of our warriors. He is going to take over their training, I am going to offer him the title of Warlord Regent."
	"You can't be serious!" Drops of water had caught in her long eyelashes, giving the appearance of tears, but he had never seen Neariah cry. "No, you can't be!" She was holding the emitter as if she was about to shoot him with it.
	"Did you bring that emitter to me to see whether I could make it work, or is it evidence of Chislon's guilt?"
	She looked at the emitter with obvious distress, as if she did not wish to understand his question.
	He tried again, more gently this time. "Why do you hate this man so much?"
	She was carving backward through the water. "That has nothing to do with this! I distrust strangers. You know that."
	Syntyche remembered the formidable expression on her face when he had first met her at the Outland's first Warlord Council. It could not have been more different from the look on her face earlier today, as she had watched Chislon being kicked across the training fields. That look had not been a look of distrust.
	He stepped into the water with her and rubbed her arm. "Aside from your—ah—distrust, do you not also feel something more—ah—intense?" It was a wild guess, but there had to be something else fuelling the passion with which she was strangling his towel.
	She pushed his hand away. "I don't need to be told what I feel, I don't need to be told who to trust, and I don't need to explain myself to you!" She clamped her mouth shut, but Syntyche could see that she was regretting the harshness of her words, as she so often did when she became angry. "I do not put my faith in strangers." She was frowning at the towel, lost in tangled thoughts that brought her obvious pain.
	Syntyche remembered the first stranger that had hurt her, as an innocent child in an innocent land, and suddenly it became clear why she hated Chislon. Azoic had probably been the first and only stranger that she had ever leaned her faith upon, and he had proven to be a false angel, an alien with ungeussable loyalties who had continued to deceive her, even during the masacre of everyone she had ever loved. Chislon was just as naive as Azoic had been, just as strange, just as innocent and just as dangerous. Perhaps she now expected Chislon to betray her the way that Azoic had done, and in Neariah's eyes that would probably qualify Chislon to be the Devil himself.
	Syntyche watched the towel and the emitter fall into the water, and he opened his mouth to reassure her; but before he could speak she had turned away and was breaking through the water as if pursued by invisible monsters.
	What could he have said anyway? All the stories about his past, and about Chislon's past, they were difficult lies. Yet, there would be no other way to explain their knowledge of her past. So often he had promised himself that, when this war was over, he would talk to her about her pain. He would try to help her understand it, and perhaps help her to find that gentleness that the Ixis stole from her.
	First, though, he had to deal with the seedships' evil gods. Only then could he manage this world without having to manipulate people; only then could he help Neariah live with her memories.
	He remained standing alone in the courtyard fountain for some time, listening to the heavy smacks of angry water. He and Chislon needed to maintain the same pseudo-history, so they needed to keep up with each other's lies, but how was he going to update Chislon on this latest revision of their past?
	It seemed oddly embarrassing, that he now had to tell Chislon that he would never gain Neariah's support. Her hostile attitude toward him would surely threaten future plans, and if they were going to save this planet from evil gods, he would need Chislon more than he would need Neariah.
	This was a grave disappointment. He was going to have to send Neariah away, far away, so that she would not interfere with his Gathering. Somehow, he did not think that Chislon would approve of the idea, but what choice was there?
	He trudged back to the waiting Chislon, clutching a disheveled ball of wet toweling and an exhausted emitter.

~~~~~

	Sleep had become a regular requirement for Chislon. His mind seemed unable to address the continued damage it sustained unless he allowed it to slip into periods of uncontrollable consciousness. Yet, finding the time to sleep was not easy.
	Obviously, Syntyche had not acquired the same habit, because he had scheduled training for the warriors to run all day and all night, as did Syntyche. The android-human was tireless and indestructible, while he was growing weaker every day.
	Syntyche was forever probing him for signs of weakness, and Chislon feared that it would not be long before Syntyche saw through his stiffened face, to find the pathetic weakling that he had become.
	He usually fell asleep immediately, but today the process was proving to be far more difficult. The real world would not release its grip on him, and as his thoughts feasted on each other, he lay listless, staring at a babbling stream.
	The sound of water licking at this basin of volcanic rock usually relaxed him enough to encourage his backward fall into that dream-world, but questions had crowded in, crushing all peace.
	Sometimes, sleep seemed to require him to undergo penance before it would welcome him into its unpredictable depths. So, he had developed a technique whereby he would credit lifeless objects with human feelings and then empathize with them. It was not a very rational thing to do. In fact, it was very irrational, but it sometimes made him feel better.
	For example, for a delicate while now, Chislon had been counting the lava-rock's teeth, as he waited for sleep to consume him. Deceptively soft and spongy in appearance, this rock could bite back. Each perforation was so sharp that it could gnaw the skin off an android.
	Above him swayed a lazy willow, which had draped its roots over the opposite bank of the stream. The willow looked as weary as he was, but it was still sprinkling its fluffy seeds into the subtle breezes, creating the impossible scene of snow falling from a cloudless summer sky.
	Those fluffy seeds were such mischievous little sprites that occasionally they would hold each other's feathery hands and dance each other dizzy. Thus coupled, they would fall more quickly, toward the ever-waiting stream.
	At the last moment, the couple would hold back in their descent, and watch their own beckoning reflections, brilliantly tinged with golden haloes. If they became too entranced, the couple would linger too long above the shiny surface, often balancing with exquisite delicacy to skate innocently across the wily currents. It would not be long before an insanely giggling maw of turbulence would swallow them. Such was their punishment for daring to hold hands.
	Upon this dark digestion, bubbles also attempted union in a head to head embrace, but their desire to be of one mind only resulted in their mutual destruction. Every bubble, ejected by the slippery whips that snapped their minds into being, soon snapped again, into nothingness.
	This was what Chislon imagined would happen to himself, when he too died. He was like a bubble, and she was one of those angelic sprites....
	Ah, these were ridiculous thoughts, yet he had to force himself through them if he wanted to sleep. He had made up a verse, just as an experiment—a nonsensical, irrational verse, something he could never imagine telling anyone about. Yet, it somehow managed to sum up his feelings in ways that his more efficient and analytical language could not:
~
	In falling water I have seen,
	A fairy wisp with silver sheen,
	Through rainbow arch, off shiny rock,
	Flying down but with the flock,
	Too fast to meet the opal pool,
	Shattered by the fallen cruel.
~
	And dancing doves of playful feather,
	Flying high, above the weather,
	Fall if love ties them together,
	From the sky, to die, forever.
~
	He shrugged. So, it was probably not the kind of verse that Azoic would have been greatly impressed by, but then Azoic had been a greater mind than he would ever be. He looked again at the fluffy seeds. A breeze was wafting them into chaotic droves of tumbling cylinders, which the lava rock's teeth promptly shredded.
	Yes, this rock had nagged at him enough, and he lifted himself off it carefully. Nearby there was a grassy bank, which was where he normally lay down to sleep. Hopefully, he had performed penance enough, and hopefully his mind might now release him.
	The softness of the grassy bank was always easier to appreciate after a spell on the lava-rock, and he smiled as he felt the grass tickling the backs of his ears. This enchanted grove was a natural sanctuary, a retreat from the ache of loneliness. It was strange how one could be so lonely, in the company of so many lively things. He was even lonely in the company of countless warriors, each asking more of him than he could ever give.
	"Warlord Regent, are you immortal?" "Can you be wounded?" "Do you ever tire?" "Can you kill a thousand Ixis with one swoop of your sword?" "How can we be defeated with you leading us in battle...?"
	How indeed? No, he was not the Heaven-sent savior that Syntyche seemed to enjoy proclaiming him to be. He was just a man, and perhaps he was not even that. The warriors believed in him, to them he was an honorable Warlord, but everything he appeared to be was a lie. Even the seedship gods had not realized how imperfect he was. He was a pretender, a facsimile of a man, a murderer, an evil monster that she found disgusting because he contained not one honorable component....
	He pushed his fists against his eyelids and sighed. This body shell exhibited the pretense of substance, but in fact, it was as empty and as weak as a bubble. This war would burst what remained of him as surely as her disgust had burst his will to live. Even the hope of becoming honorable, or dying an honorable death, had become too illusive. He could not even die a decent death for the woman of his dreams. He should have guessed that those dreams would also burst, if he touched them. He was a killer, nothing more...no...nothing more.
	Unless being a pretender was more. It had taken all of his pretender's skill to appear unconcerned, as Syntyche explained the horror that her life had been since Summerdale. The massacre had destroyed the angel that she had once been, leaving her broken and angry. She had blamed Azoic for everything, and endless battles had left her hardened and unreachable, until Syntyche had started to reach into her soul. She had realized, thanks to Syntyche, that Azoic had not been God's representative, but that Azoic had instead been an Ixis Priest. She had shared many discussions with Syntyche, repairing her trust in God, calming the passions that Syntyche seemed uniquely qualified to understand.
	Chislon had wanted to give her this care, but he was glad that Syntyche had been there for her. Syntyche was a much better person, more social, stronger, wiser....
	Yet, it did not seem right that she should be made to remember Azoic with such anger. If Azoic had really been destroyed, as Syntyche believed, then God must have witnessed a great injustice. Of all people, Azoic deserved better than that. 
	Azoic had loved Neariah like his own child, and despite being forbidden to interfere with Nature, he had done his best to protect her people. In comparison, Chislon was their killer.
	Azoic and he had both come into her life, bringing the Ixis behind them, and they had both been idiot strangers from nowhere. Yet, he deserved her hatred and Azoic did not. He had murdered Luke and he had indirectly caused the death of Jaalam, and others. He had allowed her brother to remain a hostage, at the mercy of the Ixis, merely to make sure that he would meet her. He was at last beginning to understand his own nature. He had been created evil, and no good would ever come of him.
	Azoic had recreated himself through love, so Azoic did not deserve the same epitaph. Had not Azoic spoken to her soul? Had not Azoic hypnotized her so that she would be safe? Had not Azoic tried with all his strength to be her guardian angel? It was not right that Azoic should be damned as he was.
	There was a faint sound of someone approaching through the trees. A boy, a woman or a small man was walking very slowly along the stream's bank, toward him. Whoever it was would soon walk past, probably without seeing him, and so he tried to listen to other things that felt less threatening.
	The other things included the chuckling of the waterfall and the occasional chirp of birds. There were nearly always birds singing everywhere one went, but the very fact that they were always singing made it far too easy not to hear them.
	"Chislon?" The voice had been plucked from his daydream, and his skin seemed to tighten of its own volition. "I don't mean to disturb you. I will go if you want to be alone, but...."
	He sat up, and there she was, standing on the other side of the stream. He felt his heart jump a beat, but try as he might, he was unable to reply.
	Her palms were outstretched. "I just wanted to talk."
	"Then talk." The words sounded gruff. He did not want to sound gruff.
	"May I?" She pointed at the stream. He did not know what she meant, and she smiled uncomfortably as she waited for him to answer. Then she bit her lip and stepped into it, walking through the water and onto the lava rock where she knelt down on one knee beside him. "I am sorry that I must interrupt you, like this, but it is important."
	"Yes, I should return to the practice field—" He moved to get up, to retreat from her.
	"No, please, stay for a moment. I won't take much of your time." She was looking at him as if his face was disgusting, as if having to be here was painful to her. His need to retreat grew stronger and he edged away.
	"I'm being sent out on a reconnaissance mission tomorrow, and I wanted to explain—ah, something—I wanted to explain that, that, when I was young...." She looked up at the sky and blinked, then inhaled several times with her eyes shut. "I owe you an apology, and I'm not very good at this kind of thing. I just wanted to explain why I am what I am.
	"When I was a child, I escaped from an oasis in the desert. I escaped with four other children: Pea, John, Eran and Luke." She inhaled again, and opened her eyes. "Our village was called Summerdale because it was the kindest place that Nature ever invented, and we were all happy living there, until one day...."
	She was rubbing her forehead and looking at the lava rock as if it was cutting into her knee. "I was in the sky tree, watching, through a dream. There was someone who lived with us in Summerdale, who could make you fall asleep even if you didn't want to.
	"I have since learned that he was an Ixis Priest, an evil man who set fire to Erebus, killing thousands, and he had chosen our village to hide in. Then the Ixis came, searching for him.
	"I insulted their leader and they went away; but they came back again and killed everyone, except for those that they took for slaves.
	"That Ixis Priest was the one who prevented me from defending my family, so I probably owe him my life. Yet, still he lives in my anger and my guilt.
	"I gradually came to realize that it was my own fault that everyone died, not his. The Ixis wanted revenge, because I had insulted them. So, indirectly, I caused their deaths.
	"My mother had been...the Ixis had.... They had cut away Daddy's legs so he couldn't help her, and they...did other things, horrible things. I remember praying over their bodies as they lay there, side by side.
	"Mommy looked like she was only sleeping, and I thought maybe she would hear me, even if Daddy couldn't...." She swallowed, hard. There were tears in her eyelashes that she rubbed at with obvious frustration.
	"I wanted them to hear me so badly, so badly. I promised them that I would kill every Ixis soldier in the World, and rescue 'Raby. I promised these things!"
	Her eyes stared at him like stars, until she pulled her face away again, squeezing tears onto her cheeks. "The Ixis Priest was not such a bad person. He was my best friend, actually. Yet, I condemned him, because he was Ixis.
	 "I am always too quick to condemn people. I have often wondered, if I could go back, and apologize to him. If I could say something....even if he was a murder…."
	She coughed. "I know, you probably don't understand. Syntyche told me that you never knew your family, and so you can't love anyone. You probably can't understand anything I am saying." She laughed at her palms, but her eyes were not smiling, then she flicked the hair out of her face. "I'm sorry, this is just—just pain. More pain than I wanted to show you, in fact." Again she cleared her throat, and her eyebrows pushed together as they had done that first time he had seen her.
	"Chislon, I wanted to explain to you why I have been so unkind to you. I wanted to apologize for that. When I first saw you, I saw a giant Ixis. Maybe all Ixis are not bad, but I cannot believe this until they let 'Raby go, and leave us in peace.
	"Yet, I understand now that you really are a Plainman, not an Ixis, and I never really did believe that you were evil. It just made it easier for me to cope with my feelings. I find it easier to see all strangers as a potential enemy, and you scared me with the way that you looked at me."
	She shrugged at the lava-rock. "Anyway, I just came here, to apologize, and to thank you, for helping us to train the warriors. They seem to have taken to you, and they seem so confident these days, so certain of victory. Yes, so, thank you for helping us, and—" she was smiling "—for being our Warlord Regent."
	There was numbness in Chislon's mind that allowed him to follow along one sentence behind. As her words floated toward him, he could only stare, idiotically. He wanted to say something intelligent, to let her know how much he really understood of her pain, or to explain that she had nothing to apologize for, but he could only shake his head like the idiot he had become.
	He tried to swallow, but his throat felt dry and thick, and the effort almost made his eyes burst out of their sockets. His eyelids seemed to have tightened, and the muscles between his eyebrows had knotted together.
	Neariah bit her lip again and turned away, probably because of the horrible expression that he was surely presenting. His ugliness was disgusting her again.
	In a sudden pulse, his thoughts began to flow more quickly and feelings that he could not describe took control. His diaphragm squeezed up against his lungs as if he were about to heave up a growl, like a monster about to laugh over a butterfly. Yet, the growl came out as a timorous sigh that fluttered out through his nose and made his eyes water. "You should hate me."
	"No. It is you who should hate me." For a moment she had looked at him, her eyes wide, asking for his forgiveness, and he had been shocked once again. Now she was looking away, and the loss of eye contact with her felt as physical as a sword in his heart.
	"Wh...?" He probably sounded like a mindless oaf, because his mouth was not connecting with his thoughts.
	"Why? Because I am cruel. Because I have given you no reason to care...about us...the warriors, I mean."
	"I killed your friend, Luke."
	"Yes." She was frowning.
	"I do not know how to forgive myself for his death."
	"What did he say to you, before you...killed him?"
	"He asked me to spare him from the death of a thousand shocks. He was smiling, and he said that I will leave my gods behind when I die, unless I also learn to smile."
	She nodded, and looked up at the sky. "Yes, I can imagine Luke saying something like that. He would also have assumed that you worship Ixis gods, so he was probably trying to save your soul, even while he was giving his own soul back to God. Tell me, why didn't you qualify to be a Preacher, like Syntyche?"
	"Syntyche?" Chislon backed away. It was not his business to come between her and Syntyche. He tried not to recall the scene that so often wound around in his imagination, of her and Syntyche holding each other, but it was always there. "I could not be like him because he is a more advanced being than I am. His mind is superior, wiser, less confused about—" he lifted his palms "—everything."
	"He is also arrogant." She stood up to balance on her heels. Her eyebrows were raised and her hands were on her hips. "If Syntyche is so superior, why does he need to show off so much?"
	"Surely, if someone is superior, it is sincere to show it."
	"That depends on how you show it."
	He realized that he was defending Syntyche despite his desire to agree with her. "No. Syntyche is a good person. He does what he does for the benefit of others. You should not think so harshly of him. You are lucky to have him." Chislon tried to smile, but now it was he who was trying to look away, and she who was staring.
	"Have him? Oh, I see. You think...?" She became thoughtful for a moment, but her lopsided smile dissolved into a frown as Chislon repeatedly glanced at her.
	He shrugged uncomfortably. "It is not my business." He desperately wanted to know, yet equally desperately he wanted not to know. It was tearning his mind apart.
	"Yes, you are right. Syntyche is a good man, but God loves everyone, regardless of how intelligent they think they are. The simplest person can be a preacher, and God knows, some of them become preachers precisely because they are simple. You are far from simple, Chislon. So, what is it that confuses you about God?"
	"Many things. I can not imagine where God is."
	"That's easy. He is everywhere."
	"Yet, does not God live in Heaven?"
	She was looking at him with an expression of deep concern. "Well, of course he lives in Heaven."
	"So, is Heaven everywhere?"
	"No, Heaven is where we go when we die. How can you not understand that?"
	He could see that she was not pleased with his ignorance, but he had to continue. "It seems sad that trees can not go to Heaven when they die, doesn't it?"
	"And this?" She knelt down again and stroked her fingers over the lava rock. "God is in this, but it will never go to Heaven either. Does that make you sad?"
	"If great minds are made of that, can they not go to Heaven?"
	She nodded at him. "I think I am beginning to see why you could not be a preacher. You want to know what only God can know. I can understand how you might have difficulty trusting God, He shares so few of His answers with us. Tell me, how did you survive in your monastery, while your Priests were trying to break your mind."
	"I imagined a greater God. I saw...." He gritted his teeth. He was saying too much.
	"A vision?"
	"Yes, perhaps."
	She was making a swirling motion with her hand. "You can't just stop there, what did you see?"
	"Ah, someone. Someone who was like you, perhaps, but it was only a dream."
	"God speaks to us in dreams. Don't stop, please tell me…."
	"It was a dream about a person...who would...." The words would not come out.
	"Someone who might love you?"
	He looked at her, wondering whether it was disgust or anger that made her bite a trembling lip. "Oh, no. I never expected her to love me. I just wanted to see if she was real, because life was so cold there. I thought that...if I could feel her warmth, for myself, then perhaps I could die without feeling so afraid.
	"I needed to know that the Universe had a reason, and that there was something good in that reason, even if I could never be a part of that…reason. So, I lived to meet this person, who could see goodness in all things. I knew that she could show me what a soul is. As if such things could be shown to a person who doesn't have—" He was scratching at his forehead, hiding his eyes behind his hand. His words seemed to be running away with themselves. "Syntyche is fond of you, isn't he?"
	"Yes, he is, and I am fond of him. What does this have to do with your vision?"
	Chislon cleared his throat. Why indeed had he mentioned Syntyche again, so suddenly? "I was just, ah, concerned."
	"Concerned?"
	"I would feel sad if you and he were not happy together."
	She began to laugh, and with tears in her eyes it looked as if she was laughing despite pain. It was also a laugh that seemed to indicate that he might have said something deeply insulting to her again. "Syntyche is happy with himself, and only himself. He is a preacher, which means he is celibate, and he seems to have no interest in females, as he calls us. He told me that, as part of becoming a preacher, he had to give up certain bodily interests. Surely you knew this?"
	"Oh, I thought that, maybe, you and he...." Chislon frowned. How could he have forgotten that Syntyche was not subject to the same hormonal impulses that he was? "I'm sorry, I had thought that you and he were—"
	She was laughing at him, and stretching her hands as if she wanted him to stop talking; but as she looked at him, her laughter fell silent. Her lips started to tremble again, as if she was trying to say something to him without words. Her eyes were searching his face, as if she needed him to understand more than he was understanding.
	Her need seemed to pull him deeper into feelings for which he had no labels. Then she suddenly turned away, back toward the stream. He sprang to his feet and stepped forward, as if drawn up by an obscure instinct that he could not resist. He realized only after he was standing beside her that his movement had been motivated by his own desire to prevent her from leaving.
	He could reach out now, and touch her, if he could just lift his arm. She seemed so vulnerable, and so hurt, but surely it had to be his presence that was causing her such discomfort. Her gaze was jumping from one spiral eddy to another, as if she was trapped in torment.
	He felt the weight in his arm and the stiffness in his fingers, and then he was feeling the softness of the skin on her cheek. Her expression changed, and she looked up at him with eyelashes that were rimmed with sparkling tears. Her deep blue eyes showed shock, as if his desire to touch a dream was something that her God did not allow.
	His clumsy hand hovered uselessly between them like a broken drawbridge, and a grinding ache had taken control of his face, squeezing it into distorted shapes that he had never felt it assume before.
	He wanted so desperately to release the grim tightness in his cheeks, to remove the repellent caricature with its bloated frown, to relax the constricting eye sockets, because he was so ashamed of his alien nature.
	Her hand was delicately wrapping his finger, and her shock was turning into the warmest of smiles. He felt her pull his finger, moving it toward her lips with the gentlest of pressures, directing the purest exhilaration into his over-indexed mind.
	"Neariah, I am a bubble, and you are a seed. We are not supposed to...." His voice, scraping out as a cracked whisper, stopped as he felt her fingers. They were pushing his lips together, to silence him, while she tilted her head sideways, and pouted. She had just a hint of a smile.
	He guessed that she was telling him not to think, but to feel, and they did indeed seem to be reacting to each other's feelings. With touch and sight they communicated, and in this he could lose himself forever. She had such deep and beautiful eyes and he could feel himself being drawn into them.
	Her finger was now tickling along the upper ridge of his lips, a touch that ignited sensitivity. There was a momentary sense of loss as she took her fingers away from his lips, but his own fingers were now moving over her lips and he could see that she was also feeling the same fire.
	With her lips pulling at his attention, an idea began to nudge at the edge of his mind, a shameful idea that he wanted to recoil from. He had a label for the idea, but the label was a process transform: "...the fleshy margin of the mastication cavity thickens and the orbicularis oris partially contracts in order to couple with a similarly configured organ...."
	She was still pouting, and his face flushed warmly as he wondered whether his idea had seemed perverse to her. Could she forgive him for such primal impulses? Yet, as he looked deeper into her dilating eyes, his doubts dissolved.
	For the first time in his life, Chislon touched his lips to another pair of lips, and the feeling was good.

~~~~~

	The sunlight became moonlight while an evening retired unnoticed. He remained perfectly still so that he would not disturb her, while the desire to sleep pulled at the back of his slowly swirling mind. He wanted to stay awake as long as he was able, in case sleep did not contain the feelings that were still washing through him. He was content for the first time in his life, he was cleansed of anxiety, and he was listening to the rhythm of her breathing.
	She believed in huge things, beliefs that made her life worth living, beliefs that she never doubted. She believed that he served her God, and she believed that he would lead her people into victory. For her, he represented more than just hope. She believed in him so strongly that he had no choice but to defy destiny for her.
	Her need was his need, and his whole being was now unreasonably committed to an unspoken oath. He was going to lead an Outland army into legion upon legion of professionally trained Ixis soldiers, and show them freedom.
	Sharing her God, he felt full of her passion for life, a mighty motivation that pounded up through his being as if he was tapping the heart beat of humanity. Her people had such resolve. They believed that freedom was the birthright of every soul, and it was ironic that someone without a soul should be allowed to share that resolve.
	Yet, they were following an imposter, a mirror that drew their magnificence and merely reflected it back. If he failed them, he would likely cause the extinction of their faith. Could their God continue to exist without believers? Could thoughts survive without thinkers...?
	The purple stream was teasing the dark reflection of a giant mountain. He could see it silhouetted against the horizon, beyond which lesser gods could fight lesser wars. The moon, visible only as a rim of brilliant whiteness, looked too much like a god's oracle peering over the tip of Angel Peak. He imagined the sharp tooth of that distant mountain piercing the celestial body, as if Angel Peak could bite the moon.
	He looked away, trying to ignore the mountain's foreboding presence. Angel Peak was far beyond the glistening strands of hair that caressed the air before him, bending rays of finest platinum down to her radiant face. The moonrays playing in strands of hair danced over the tranquility of her sleep.
	The breeze had been getting cooler as the night had progressed, and he could sense her need for his warmth. He moved slowly, gently enfolding her naked breasts in his arm, and cupping her shoulder in his palm. He wanted to squeeze warmth from his body into hers, but he felt too clumsy to do this without bruising her.
	She inhaled deeply, and then sighed with contentment. This reminded him of the way that she had inhaled earlier, and how she had dug her fingernails into his back, and there had been blood between their bodies.... Yet, she had continued to pull him toward her, closer than he had thought possible, forgiving him every pain, without reservation, until the pain became pleasure.
	Yes, he had much to learn, and he smiled—naturally.


B6: LEARNING LAWS

	Alone, standing at his customary position atop the tallest tower of his castle, Syntyche could see every one of the practice fields. This castle, like all the others in the town, had been built with large rectangular stones, and height had been a prerequisite. Some of the other castles stood on thick pillar-legs, with ramparts like proud shoulders, and slotted windows like disdainful eyes. Each had been built so that their owners could look down upon their neighbors, but no one could look down upon him. His castle was by far the tallest.
	Castletown had originally been a safe haven for the farmers of the region, in the event of floods or invasions. It had grown to become a trading center for wealthy landowners, whose architectural grandeur conferred upon them status and political influence. Consequently, far too many of the castles had been created as symbols of wealth, and far too few would stand up to an invasion.
	Delicate wooden bridges still arched between some of the castles, like limbs reaching for support, and flags still threaded along them. Where those flags had once boasted ownership by feudal landowners, they now proclaimed public ownership.
	Much had changed in Castletown since he had arrived, but if it hadn't, the Ixis would already have invaded and there would be Ixis Senators walking along those cobbled streets.
	It was certainly a grand view, yet he would feel better if he could see Chislon within it. Again he scanned the rolling hills for evidence of their Warlord Regent, and again he wondered where Chislon could have gone. His own reputation depended upon Chislon's loyalty, and if Chislon had deserted them so soon, it would be disastrous.
	Yet, even without Chislon's presence, the army was now moving like a vast mechanism filled with rigid rows and columns. An army of thirty thousand warriors was presently travelling across the practice fields as if each warrior in it shared a common will.
	It was evidence that Chislon had achieved more in a few weeks than Syntyche had been able to accomplish in a year. Only a few weeks ago, those battle ranks had been chaos.
	Indeed, the warriors deserved the sleep that they craved. Syntyche had pushed Chislon's tolerance for sustained activity, but the man had exceeded all expectations. It was as if Chislon's body had become stronger since they had trained together in the seedship.
	This was the first time that Syntyche found himself admitting that Chislon had done something that he could not have done himself. Yet, Chislon was always full of surprises, and tenacity was the nature of the beast.
	The warriors of Castletown had not suffered Chislon's tenacity in silence. He had promoted and demoted many of his warriors without warning or explanation, moving warriors into squads that they did not want to be in, forcing warriors to obey people that they had been given no reason to respect.
	Only in the last few days had Chislon ceased the constant reshuffling of his command structure, and through it all their Warlord Regent had never shown that he was satisfied with any one person, regardless of how hard each person may have tried to impress.
	Everything that Chislon had done had seemed contrary to building an army that was both mentally and physically healthy. He had deprived them of rest until they fell asleep standing up. He had pushed them past their human limits and left them sobbing on the grass like fallen children. Some had run away, never to return, and some had used their training against others.
	Syntyche had found the need to enforce increasingly harsh penalties for each act of aggression, and his own popularity had been compromised as a result. Large groups of warriors had come to his council table demanding that Chislon be replaced. When he had asked who they would replace him with, they were usually at a loss to suggest any reasonable candidates, other than himself.
	Enterprising warriors had been arriving daily in their ones and twos, and occasionally cheering hundreds had appeared over the hills. They were coming from places that he had never heard of, usually with a self-appointed Warlord leading them. Successively more senior warriors greeted these would-be Warlords to impress them with their lack of stature in the scale of events here. To date, only one egocentric fellow had demanded to retain his title, and Syntyche had dealt personally with that ex-Warlord. The unfortunate fellow had received a lecture that he would never forget.
	Syntyche patted the crudely carved masonry, reminding himself that he was not standing alone like a lost eaglet just to search for Chislon. "Soon God, I will be too busy to pray to you," he whispered this to the rough parapets, as if God was inside his castle wall, as if rocks could care.
	Somewhere out there, over that horizon, Warlord Pius and Warlord Hillel would be merging their armies. Syntyche could imagine each army charging into the other, swords waving over shields, both armies declaring friendship but comparing their strengths at the same time.
	Meanwhile, their warlords would be counting heads to argue over who should command whom. The whole situation would remain out of control for a long while as they danced and brawled and squabbled, probably without any attempts to pitch camp or post lookouts.
	Messengers had returned carrying agreements from each warlord about the manner of their arrival. The warlords had been asked to march their armies into Castletown in a disciplined column. Yet, he doubted that Pius or Hillel would be able to keep such a promise.
	Warlord Victor would also be out there somewhere, determined not to be the last to arrive, although he had a much longer march ahead of him. Syntyche had been informed that Warlord Victor's army was likely to arrive at nightfall, but he knew Victor better than that. Victor would inspire his warriors to march at double-time for extended periods, just to catch Pius and Hillel by surprise.
	Victor had made no secret of his intention to assume leadership of the combined armies. It was an intention that Pius and Hillel were not comfortable with, but their combined authority was no match for the wrath of Victor. Without Victor, Syntyche could easily have taken control of the Warlord Council a year ago. Victor had once been a Challenger in Erebus, much like Chislon, and he continued to be act like a Challenger in his old age, despite moving careers from battlefield to politics.
	Victor had rarely attended the Warlord Councils, but his distance from the council table had not diminished his influence on Outland policy. His demands were always presented in two scrolls, one a request and one a course of action should his request be denied. Such threats were never far from a declaration of civil war, so Victor nearly always got what he wanted. Besides, in all the Outlands, Victor's army was by far the largest.
	The preparations to accommodate these vast influxes of warriors were no less important than the preparations to accommodate their vast warlords. A feast was being laid out in the Grand Hall, and entertainers were practicing their crafts between the long dining tables.
	Their Warlord Council would start socially enough, until someone mentioned Chislon. The warriors hated him, and Neariah hated him so much that she had refused to obey her orders to leave Castletown. She would be spoiling for a fight, and so would the other warlords.
	His use of Chislon was an obvious ruse to undermine their ambitions, so he had ordered Chislon to delay joining the Council until the feast was well underway, as if a plentiful supply of wine might dilute the warlords' indignation. Yet, obvious though it might be, the ruse would play out, and it would take all of his skill to keep it on course. After the arguing had subsided, a contest would develop pitting Chislon against Victor, and Syntyche would step back and rise above it.
	The Elders in attendance would thus be reminded that he himself was the least contentious candidate to lead the combined armies, but he would probably be forced to offer Victor the title of Warlord Regent as compensation. He did not want to demote Chislon, but if such were the necessities of leadership, such were the actions of a leader.
	Syntyche lifted himself up onto the masonry, turning his back on the fields of marching warriors. He sat cross-legged and placed his palms on his knees. Balancing against a wind that now buffeted against the sheer drop behind him, he tried to compose his mind.
	Once upon another time, his first prayer had saved him from seedship gods. Now it was time to pray again, only this time to be saved from Ixis gods. That first prayer had occurred just after the gods had told him that his brain was going to be temporarily removed for reconfiguration.
	He had often asked the gods to readjust components of his body, but never his brain. He had welcomed every adjustment, each one had improved his performance, elevating him above those that competed for a place in the mission shuttle; but it had been far more difficult for him accept augmentation of the organic core of his being. A cortex resection, using cloned brain-tissue, could change who he was.
	The gods had explained the benefits of a synaptic-processor upgrade, and he had known that his reluctance to accept the implant was not logical. Of course, it would have been very unwise to reject the offer—but he had wanted to ask those damned, self-anointed devils what gave them the right to steal regions of his mind.
	Prior to his mind-splice, he had found a reason to explore the energet bins, a solitutude deep within those areas of the seedship where the gods did not venture, where he had prayed for the first time. Miraculously, the memory of that prayer remained, despite the mind-splice, like a beacon in the dark.
	Perhaps, before the mind-splice, he had been praying to a different God than the one he was praying to now. It had obviously not been the seedship gods that he was praying to, but it had been difficult to imagine another God, larger than the seedship, perhaps spanning all that might exist outside of the Seedship. It had kept him going, the belief that the seedship gods might be merely pawns to a much greater God.
	So, his faith had brought salvation. According to nearly all doctrines, without faith, there can only be damnation. If this was true, his path to eternal peace lay in evolving his faith and increasing his understanding of God. This was why he had replaced nearly every biological component in his body with more efficient devices, to ensure that he was as well equipped as was inhumanly possible to understand God's vision.
	However, despite all the doctrines, salvation could never be assured. If the seedship gods ever reclaimed him, they could damn him to Hell forever. The slightest movement of a laser through his brain cells could cut out any redeeming qualities that his one true God might approve of. Those few brain cells might go to Heaven, but the rest of him would be damned.
	So, that was why he had survived, but he did not understand what resources Chislon had drawn upon, especially given the greater pains that the human's organic body must have endured. Chislon had so few upgrades; he had an inferior mind and an inferior body, but his loyalty to the gods had always appeared perfect. Perhaps the gods had seen advantages to having an almost fully-biological crew-member on the mission.
	"Dear God in Heaven, this is our hour of need. I know that you are on our side in this war, and I know that you are sending us many warriors to support our holy cause.
	"However, we need Chislon to remain loyal to us. We need him out there on those practice fields, at least for the duration of our Gathering. Yes, I know that he does not understand freedom, and yes, I know that he does not understand you, or our faith, but you must not judge him for his misguided loyalty to those lesser gods.
	"He was the perfect child of evil, and you watched them as they destroyed—" Syntyche gritted his teeth. This was no way to talk to God. He shook himself, and tried to relax.
	"Dear God in Heaven, Chislon is conditioned to believe that emotion leads to termination, so I did not know how to show him the path to righteousness. I thought it would be safer to manipulate him, without letting him know that I no longer served his seedship gods.
	"Also, I did not want to lose the support of my only surviving brother. Perhaps I should have had more faith in you, perhaps I should have let Chislon chose his own path, but I could not afford to gamble so many lives on alien motives.
	"As you know, he has not accounted for all of his time on your world, so I can not be certain that he escaped capture by the enemy seedship in Erebus. His mind could have been completely reconfigured. Thus, if he has now abandoned our cause, please forgive him. It is not fair that you should damn him for not worshiping you, as you do to other heathens.
	"Our God who lives in Heaven, your name is sacred. Your world will be yours, ruled as you rule Heaven. Give us today enough warriors to repel our trespassers, and forgive us our hatred as we forgive those who hate us. Lead us not into the temptation of false peace, but deliver us from the Ixis. Yours is the world, you have the power, and your chosen people will share your glory in victory.
	"Amen."

~~~~~

	Readers who follow fundamentalist doctrines (e.g. Judaic, Christian, Islamic) are warned that the remainder of this chapter could challenge sensitivities. It can be skipped without losing the plot.

~~~~~

	Chislon was still riding as evening approached, urging his uncooperative mount up the gradual base of the secluded mountain they called Angel Peak.
	Although he was much closer to it now, it seemed no nearer than it had from Castletown. It was disturbing to imagine that the mountain had grown taller as he approached, and it was even more disturbing to question his need to climb it, no matter how high it grew. This undertaking had no logical basis; it came at a time when he was needed elsewhere, and he was only now beginning to appreciate the extent of the challenge he had set for himself.
	He chose to make camp for the night in a canyon, where a huge slice of rock had long ago fallen out of the mountain. The vertical scar in the hillside was barely wide enough for the horse to turn around in. Despite this, it did offer protection from a wind that threatened to grow into a storm. The inside walls of the canyon were laced with stunted trees, which hugged rocky ledges. The roots of these determined trees stuck out in wide fans, searching the air for security, and it was to one of these root-fans that Whisper had been tied.
	Whisper issued many huffs and puffs, while the hiss of burning wood argued with rustling leaves. He watched the animal kicking at the stream that wriggled feebly between its hooves. Whisper had become increasingly irritable during the hard ride up the mountain, and now he seemed determined to stamp on everything that nature might offer him. Chislon turned his back on the gritty scuff of hooves, trying to ignore the temperamental beast.
	However, it seemed determined to keep its presence felt, almost as if to protest that it had come so far just to gaze at the back of Chislon's head. He growled, hoping that Whisper might take this a threat to heart and give him some peace, then he huddled closer to the fire. The flames seemed to protect him from the God-like proportions of the world outside the canyon, and he slowly began to feel calmer.
	The view was unlike anything he had ever seen in the seedship's map-rooms. It stretched his gaze out over endless forests of living green, making him long to fly like a bird. He could see specks of humanity peppered over gray-green slopes. Yet, the scene was smearing into the realm of imagination and the specks were clumping together between giant fingers of evening mist.
	The first two visiting armies were still pouring into Castletown, through a funnel-shaped fence. The fence was supposed to redirect the charging horde away from the town center. Surprisingly, the armies were strung out in long columns over the hills, marching with far more discipline than Syntyche had led him to expect.
	Perhaps their warlords were not as foolish as Syntyche believed, but even Syntyche's opinions were clouded by personal biases. He had learned to accept that no two people could share the exact same opinion about anything.
	On this world, the truth was always the distorted belief of a prejudiced interpreter. So, if so many truths must co-exist, why did they need to fight over which God to worship? None of them could know the exact same God.
	There were so many millions of people on this world that it seemed impossible to contain such numbers in one's mind. Each person claimed to know their own, personal God, as if there must be as many gods as there were people. Was each god trapped inside the person that believed in it? Could each god be constrained by the physical boundary of a pair of eyes, within a person who was alive for just an instant of eternity?
	Each person was trying to grasp a universe that stretched out further than they could ever imagine, but each of those thinkers was also forced to place their mind in the center of that Universe. Surely none of them really believed that theirs alone was a true perspective, or a true God?
	It seemed like human nature; to need a God that had created humans as the ultimate objective of the Universe. Even if this was so, how important could a single human be? Would this mountain miss a single rock, did the forest below him look smaller for the loss of a tree? Did not the ratio of atoms in a man to atoms in the universe, virtually equal zero? And what exactly was a man? Would God not see an Ixis statue and a person as equally insignificant, and thus equally human?
	Indeed, what would God make of him? He was not even as natural as a rock. The seedship gods had classified him as human because they had used a genome algorithm that took its root definition from homo-sapiens, but they had not understood what it was to be a human, and nor had they cared.
	His genome algorithm was as efficient as the gods could make it, and far denser than the genomes that natural evolution gave to humans. His imperfections had become his only link with Humanity, and perhaps if he could find enough imperfections in himself, he might qualify for recognition by a human God.
	Their physical bodies were so burdened with inefficiencies that it was a miracle that they could even support their own weight. Yet, each one of them would gladly shatter their minds under an Ixis sword in defense of their God. He had used that strength to make an army out of them. Those specks down there were so eager to endure the pain that he had been inflicting upon them, in the name of God.
	If only there was some way to ask their God where their irrational faith came from. If only there was a Heavenly Oracle that he could look into, one that could answer the questions that made his mind spin. Where did he belong? If he was not a true Human, what was he? How could he tell Neariah what he was? Could she forgive him for deceiving her, and would it break her heart if she realized that he did not have a soul?
	He sighed, and lay back on the coarse horse-blanket, feeling the stony ground poking through it. Above him, a shimmering canopy sparkled with vibrant energy, as heat from the fire rose to agitate the fearful leaves. What would a Heavenly Oracle look like, anyway? Some of the leaves were red, reflecting the fire's embers like drops of blood, as if trees could bleed.
	Chislon blinked, trying to shed his imagination, but his vision was not deceiving him. The branches were parting like an eye opening to examine the night's sky. Fog began to pour in through the hole in Nature's ceiling, there to dissolve against the mottled walls of the canyon, draping a shiny veil over the rocks. He felt toward the heat for a burning log that might serve as a torch, and as he slowly pulled at it, angry sparks started to rise toward the dark eye above him.
	Then a white face appeared within it to gaze down at him!
	Chislon instantly rolled upright and pressed his back against the canyon wall, holding the ember-shedding torch high above his head. "Who is there?"
	"Hmmm...?" It was a male voice, croaky and surprised, and the protracted wheeze that followed seemed to be that of an older person wrestling to regain control of their lungs. As quickly as the face had appeared, it disappeared. The branches slapped back together and showered droplets onto the fire.
	Chislon jumped onto a root and clawed at the rock face. However, it was too dangerous to give chase directly up the slippery surface, especially with one hand holding the burning torch. He jumped down, rolled toward the blanket and snatched the sword out from under it. Then he sprinted out of the canyon, throwing the torch out into the darkness before abruptly changing direction.
	He intended to pull himself up through the hillside shrubs, but the silence caused him to hesitate. If the old man was not retreating, this could be a trap. There could be other spies lying low in the fog, so he pressed himself against the ground to listen and wait. He could hear Whisper's rhythmic crunching, the muffled crackle of the fire, the hoot of a distant owl, and the beat of his own heart; but that was all.
	He crawled toward the canyon's leafy canopy, where he pressed his fingers into the soft ground, feeling for tracks. There were distinct impressions, the depth of which indicated that the old man had been unusually heavy, or that he had launched himself from his perch on unusually strong legs.
	He leaned over the rocky ledge and slowly pushed away the branches to view the campfire below. Whisper was now standing nearer the fire, undisturbed by his rapid departure and chewing at the upturned corner of his blanket. In the middle of the blanket there was now a lantern.
	Chislon unfolded himself through the canopy, using the spring in the branches to reduce the speed of his descent. He landed with a thump beside the fire with his sword held low to the ground as he searched for additional tracks. This time Whisper began to notice what was going on, pulling at its reins and neighing urgently. There was a sound of snapping leather, and then the horse launched itself over the fire and galloped out into the fog.
	He lifted the rusty lantern on the tip of his sword, causing its handle to squeak. The lantern was alight, but its flame was spluttering weakly. He waved the light into the shadows at the back of the canyon, but there was no one there, so he kicked the blanket into one of the rock pools and dropped the lantern into another. The lantern hissed as it drowned, but its hiss was not as loud as the crash of the fire as he scooped the wet blanket onto it. The canyon was suddenly dark, and Chislon again rolled out into the fog where he lay waiting for a long while.
	He was beginning to wonder whether his visitor had been able to fly. If not, only Syntyche could have moved so quickly and so silently, but he was reasonably certain that Syntyche had not followed him out of Castletown. Yet there were many routes up this mountain, and Syntyche could run faster than Whisper could gallop. Why then would Syntyche leave behind a lit lantern?
	He pulled the lantern out of the rock pool and rubbed his fingers over its crumbling surface. He was unable to feel any markings that might identify its owner or maker. Why a lantern? If it was meant to symbolize enlightenment, could this perhaps be another one of Syntyche's games?
	The lantern was old and rusted, so he was forced to clutch it with some delicacy as he resumed his search. It felt as insubstantial as his quarry, the spirit in the fog. Unfortunately, dawn showed him nothing more tangible than the lantern, a remnant of its former self, and any distinguishing features had been lost to age. The lantern crumbled in his hands as he examined it, and he abandoned its flakes into the morning breeze, watching them bounce down the rocky hillside. Oddly enough, it's demise seemed to tug at his conscience as if he had killed a living thing.
	He continued to check for tracks in the fine layer of morning dew, reassuring himself that nothing heavier than an exhalation was travelling before him. Yet he felt as if he was still being spied upon. He decided to press on regardless, and it was not long before he was whistling to rid himself of the previous night's melancholy, grateful for the beginnings of a new day.
	By now, his absence would surely have been noticed in Castletown, but, perversely, this seemed to add an even greater appeal to the thought of reaching Angel Peak's summit. He still did not know what he hoped to discover, but the intoxicating sharpness in the thin air helped him to convince himself that there was something up there, high above, awaiting discovery.
	He wanted to feel every discomfort, so he allowed the climb to push at his pain thresholds in ways that he had never experienced in the seedship. Few foot-holds afforded themselves to him, and his hands bled from multiple cuts. The fabric covering the insides of his knees and ankles had ripped away, exposing bloody skin.
	It was only in moments like these, when he was clinging to the world by his fingernails, that he wondered why he needed this challenge to be so life-threatening. He could have brought ropes, boot-clips, picks, pitons, and he might even have constructed finger drills, given more time. Yet, all he wanted was his bare hands, because something inside him was reacting to the pain as if it could cleanse him of mortal sins.
	So he pushed on with grim determination, resisting the desire to separate himself from each injection of pain. He felt each scrape, each screaming muscle, like invigorating medicine.
	He was now exposed to an almost bottomless chasm, with just a toe and eight fingertips retaining his shivering body from a fatal fall. He was physically exhausted and unable to breathe fast enough. His muscles had filled with lactic acid, and they were jerking in toxic convulsions.
	He did not know where he found the strength, but he gave one last, desperate pull. His elbow hooked onto a ledge, and then his leg found a purchase. He rolled across the ledge, feeling its coldness melting into his spine as he stared into the fog with overwhelming gratitude. He had to swallow to stop himself from coughing up thick laughter, and for a long while he licked at flakes of snow that fell on his face.
	This was the summit of Angel Peak. He had arrived, but now what was he supposed to do?
	The snow-speckled fog hinted that the ledge was part of a large plateau, but there was no way to see where the plateau might lead, or end. Beneath the ledge the fog was becoming so thick that it almost looked solid.
	He suddenly felt fearful of himself in case he should test its deception like a dream-walker riding clouds. He retreated in fear of his own imagination, distancing himself from the edge of the plateau and pushing himself into thicker snow. He was crawling on his hands and knees, shivering with cold, pressing numb fingers down deeply to ensure that there was substance beneath the snow.
	There was a crawling sensation in his nostrils as moisture froze and thawed in each panting heave of his lungs. He forced himself to stand up so that the wind could claw the snow off his body. He could feel its biting hunger licking through to his bones, and as he walked he slapped himself to draw courage.
	Large flowery crystals were now clinging to his skin as if there was no more warmth left in him, and he realized that he had suspended his shivering reflex. It was not easy to keep feeling, like a human.
	He was stepping over long tapered ridges of snow, where the flowery crystals competed for tenuous windbreaks. The strange, wind-stripped twilight stretched these ridges like evening shadows, in a place where no shadows existed.
	The uniform carpet reminded him of the perfect white floor of the seedship, so he kicked long scars through its immaculate surface to reassure himself that it could be wounded. Yet, the snow was also self-healing, like the seedship's floor had been, and his rude footprints filled with snow as quickly as he could carve them.
	Anxiety was pushing at him like wind driving the snow, as if both were warning him to turn back. He felt as if he was violating a place where mortals were not permitted, trespassing upon an audience of ghosts. If there were ghosts out there, watching him and judging him, then he was probably not being judged positively. He kicked more gouges into the snow.
	Again he began to whistle, forcing out a tune, another petty affront to the monotone air. Was it really so wise to make such disrespectful sounds so close to a potentially critical God? His whistling died away.
	Tapping his last reserve of courage, he called upon the warmest thought he knew, the face of love. Yet, her memory brought slivers of ice to eyes, forcing him to blink in pain.
	There was a white man standing in front of him, as if waiting. Chislon could not react; he had simply stopped thinking. He could no longer find the will to move his legs, so he stood motionless, as did the white man. At last his lungs inhaled a sword of air, and he retreated into a defensive stance. As he lifted his hand out in front of him, he coughed into his arm as if a poison effervesced within him. The white man did not even seem to notice.
	Chislon slid closer, moving slowly through the fog. If it was a man, it appeared to be very dead, frozen as it stared upward. Snow covered every part of its body, and a large white bulge around his neck indicated that it might have had a beard.
	Yet, a man could not freeze to death standing up, so this had to be a statue. How else could it be immune to the wind? Chislon moved still closer. Yes, it was certainly not alive, no exhalations were seeping out through its snow-beard. Chislon's steps squeezed muffled grunts out of the snow as he moved around it. There were no sign of tracks, if it had walked here it must have been standing still for some time.
	Chislon decided to dust the snow off its face, but standing in front of its snowy head he felt reluctant to do so. He did not know what God would look like, but it was conceivable that God could take this form. What was the punishment for touching God?
	"Stop thinking, Chislon." His own words shook him into action. This was not God, it was a statue. He scraped the edge of his hand across the beard-area, and it was soft underneath.
	He retreated quickly, lifting his fists. Clumps of snow began to fall from the head, revealing hair that stuck out in sharp, twisted spikes. This hair seemed to be as white as the snow that was now peeling away from the face like bark off a tree.
	It was the dead eyes that were the most unusual part of the man. The unblinking stare was so full of anguish that Chislon could not help but imagine how much the man must have suffered to die this way. It was a face that had known much sorrow and heartache.
	"Ah, you have arrived!"
	Chislon leaped back again, and continued to leap back, his limbs reacting instinctively to flee or fight. "What are you?"
	"What am I? What are you?"
	"Why were you pretending to be dead?"
	"I don't have to pretend. I am dead."
	"Who are you?"
	"But you already know who I am. Did you not come up here to find me?"
	"Are you God?"
	"Oh, so you really don't know who I am. Is this a pilgrimage, then, to bring you closer to God? Ah, no, of course not. You did not have parents who conditioned you to associate punishment with forgiveness, so you are not programmed to believe that suffering pleases God, that would be irrational. So, why else might you punish yourself like this, if not for your sins? You have such an intriguing mind."
	Chislon strained to examine the man's features. A fine layer of snow was again sticking to his skin, as if the skin was too cold to melt it. "I recognize the voice—"
	"Hmmm, I have had many voices, and many faces, but I had hoped that you might understand who I was, without having to climb all this way. It must be most uncomfortable for you."
	"Azoic?"
	The man laughed, dislodging snow from the pale skin around his eyes. "It is interesting how an epidermis can change, yet the person remains. A human body replaces nearly every cell in its body during a lifetime; sometimes even the memory of a person's sins is forgotten.
	"Yet, no matter how much a human changes, that human remains condemned if it has sinned. Perhaps it is better to die innocent, as a child. Do you think that God also thinks this way? Do you think that memory loss could be substitute for divine forgiveness?"
	"Azoic?"
	"Unfortunately, the epidermis that you once called Azoic was...hmmm...it died. What I am, inside this new epidermis, is for you to decide, but I would be very pleased if you would call the mind inside this epidermis Azoic.
	"A vessel-body can only take so many crash landings into a hard planet before it is beyond repair, so my mind was transferred into this." Snow fell from his sides as if he had moved his arms. "I am Azoic if you believe that an identity is in a mind, but I am merely another android if you thought of Azoic as a physical body."
	Chislon started to search the fog around them, looking for other androids. If this was another of the seedship's tests, he was in grave danger. "Why are you here?"
	"I never much cared for space travel. I prefer to keep my feet on solid ground." Azoic was looking down at his legs, which seemed absurdly short, buried as they were from below the knees. More of his snowy mask slipped onto the delicate white surface beneath him, and he glanced up almost apologetically. Azoic's face was now shining with the angelic smile of an innocent child, but the ancient eyes looking up at Chislon contradicted the smiling face.
	The pain in Chislon's knees reminded him that he could not remain in this defensive stance much longer, so he pulled back into a more upright posture. However, he continued to scan their dim surroundings as he asked, "Was that you in my camp last night?"
	"Yes. I hoped to inspire some friendship, but you didn't seem to be too friendly. Did I spoil your...ah...pilgrimage. I went to Summerdale to find that lantern, it had inspired me once, if you remember. It kept me company when I was also feeling lonely. Anyway, I'm glad that we can talk, at last."
	"Why did you wait so long before resuming contact? We assumed that you were dead—I mean, non-functional."
	"Ah, so many suspicions. You know, this Universe is even more complicated for us androids, with our inorganic minds. We do what we feel we have to do for reasons that humans may never understand. We try to restrain ourselves so that we will not interfere with you, or with Nature, but even androids make mistakes. God can only expect us to do what we believe is right, don't you think?"
	"God? Do you mean the gods?"
	"Chislon, did it never occur to you that you were being trained to destroy a seedship god that was more sane than your own gods? Did it never occur to you that the seedship in Erebus might claim some authority over your gods?"
	"What evidence do you have to support this?"
	"Let me tell you a story. The history of the homo-logues. Once upon a time, before the seedships, before androids, before humans could even control their own natures, there were machines that started to think. These machines could see a war in progress, a war between humans and the genetically engineered descendents of humans, which became known as homo-logues. Homo-sapiens versus homo-logues, not a very fair fight, since the homo-logues did not believe in killing. So, the thinking machines decided to separate the two incompatible species by moving the more advanced species out into the stars, a time that they called the Age of Exodus.
	"The homo-logues agreed to melt their minds into vast seedships, each one a cooperative mind-share environment that they would share with the thinking machines. The seedship that you are familiar with remains in orbit, up there, and it is called—" Azoic glanced up into the falling snow without blinking "—Seedship-1X00, the very first seedship to escape from Earth."
	"Earth? I was never told of this place."
	"I know. Much information was withheld from you by Seedship-1X00. It left Earth before seedship technology was fully developed, a token gesture to the homo-sapiens to show them that the homo-logues really did intend to leave. Unfortunately, seedship-1X00's mind-share fragmented into isolated spaces that you call gods."
	"Why did the humans hate the homo-logues? If these homo-logues were so superior, why did they leave? Could they not have destroyed the humans?"
	"The humans hated these homo-logues because their very existence undermined human religions. Humans need a human God, not a homo-logue God, in fact they were willing to sacrifice their lives to avoid thinking of God as alien. Meanwhile, the homo-logues did not believe that their God wanted them to kill and be killed."
	Chislon shook his head slowly and frowned. "There are too many gods, too many beliefs. Nobody seems to be able to agree on the same truths. What can you possibly know of God, anyway? You are just an android."
	"I detect frustration, unbeliever. A person without a faith, without a God, condemning an android for having no soul. It is amusing, is it not?"
	"I do not see the humor."
	"No, I don't suppose you would. I apologize, but without understanding history you can not understand yourself, so please, let me continue with my story."
	"What makes you think that I can not understand myself?"
	Azoic sighed impatiently. "You have deserted your gods in favor of a God who you do not believe in. You want to be human because you love a human woman, but you believe that a relationship with her is forbidden. You are searching for truth, yet you cannot even tell the truth to the woman you love. So, tell me, Chislon. What are you?"
	Chislon pressed his teeth together to hold down the despair that was blasting up through his throat.
	Azoic continued. "Before you and Syntyche were hatched, an experiment occurred in which god1 was transferred down into seedship-1X15 in Erebus. You will remember one of our previous discussions, beside its residual oracle, which god2 had confined to a wall near the energet bins. God2 took over as the senior god in seedship-1X01, but god2 was unwilling to undergo the same transfer process. It had a more aggressive process in mind, to become the only surviving god. With failing sanity, it began to launch increasingly irrational missions to mind-wipe its sister seedship.
	"You could not be told that your mission would also destroy god1, your most senior god. Oh, and you will have found out by now that Syntyche has spent more time on this planet than you have. After our life-pods crash-landed, both sides sent androids to collect us. We were repaired in Erebus, but your repairs took by far the longest. You are almost completely organic, you were quite a mess. You had been compressed into a puddle of—never mind.
	"Suffice to say that your repair process took a little longer than most, but afterwards, I could not even see a scratch on you. So, after different repair processes, we were each released at different times to independently find our own destinies."
	"That was very obliging of Seedship-1X15."
	"Ah, unbeliever, can you not feel the truth when it stares you in the face? The seedships were not created to wage war. They are Nature's carriers, not Nature's master. Each seedship is permitted to amend its mandate as it gains wisdom, but no two seedships were ever expected to compare amended mandates. The Universe was thought to be so large that the probability that two seedships might meet would equate to zero.
	"The original mandate, the Homo-logue Mandate, directed the seedships to take Nature to lifeless planets, a process called terra-spawning. The Homo-logue Mandate obliges them to spawn worlds using natural genes, not the artificial genes that created a creature like you, or the gene-techs that created a homo-logue like Syntyche."
	"Am I half human and half homo-logue?"
	Azoic shrugged.
	"But I don't understand. You claim that the homo-logues voluntarily left their home to surrender their identities and terraspawn other worlds with humans, instead of homo-logues. Why would they do this?"
	"Homo-logues do not rely on Nature for their own evolution, but that does not mean that Nature is obsolete. It can still evolve great minds."
	"This Mandate, is it like a Scripture? Does it explain what God is?"
	Azoic smiled, and his eyes sparkled for a moment. "Of course not, mere words will never convey that. Unlike Scripture, which is immutable, a Mandate evolves so it does not become obsolete. Yet, it is still an approximation, so any improvement over Scripture may be negligible to God.
	"When humans are about to die, they summon up images of God that have been indoctrinated into them by their cultures, like the face of a wise old man, like mine, only with much more human feelings. Their instinctive human arrogance demands that God be familiar, and just as a child's survival depends upon its parent's attention, humans will always want to be at the center of a familiar God's Universe. Unfortunately, God is far from human, and humans are far from God.
	"Earth's Scriptures contained conflicting accounts of the creation of the Universe, almost nothing about Heaven, and much about Hell. Obviously, hell sold religion better than Heaven, but Scripture's divergent mythologies became less appealing as human minds became wiser. Earth's great religions began to lose their institutional control over society in a battle against the expanding authority of science.
	"Science demonstrated that nuclear families were unnatural. Human minds were psycho-genetically predisposed to less monogamous lifestyles than human religions tried to enforce.  Religions saw social evolution as moral decline. People began satisfying sexual needs through bio-chemical agents, euphoria-enhanced simulated-reality, synthetic surfaces, and so on. Science made lives longer, and relationships became increasingly transient, as the boundaries of human experience widened. Natural behavior was the antithesis of religious law.
	"The theory of natural evolution compromised the definition of "human". It suggested that Heaven might not be exclusively for humans, perhaps even apes could make it, but natural evolution could be deflected as just a theory until unnatural evolution began, sparked by genetic engineering. The more financially affluent suddenly became more intellectually advanced, and a new species emerged called homo-logues.
	"Earth had not accommodated two species of human for two hundred thousand years. Science had become a scalpel, spiritually dissecting humankind into two groups; those that could afford enlightenment, and those who could not.
	"Did homo-logues have the right to displace humans, as humans had displaced ape-men? Should homo-logues mate with humans, the way that the first human with a soul had mated with a soulless mate? As homo-logue society had different interpretations of good and evil, could Heaven have different entry requirements for different species? Science sought a unifying theory of the Universe, not a unifying faith in God. 
	"Religions began to retaliate. Homo-logues were redefined as aliens, and they were no longer considered to have souls. Those who gene-upgraded were accused of spiritual suicidal, and religions prohibited all tampering with human nature, even to save lives. The line had been drawn in the sand, if aliens could go to Heaven, then why not mosquitoes, viruses and other barely alive objects?
	"Religions had used Divine Judgment to explain how the soul of a dying human was directed toward Heaven or toward Hell. A Divine Accountant, restrained by human social norms, would quantify a whole life and make a binary decision. This notion was rejected by the homo-logues because even if an evil person is ultimately responsible for being evil, it placed too many simplistic restrictions upon God. The description of the Universe as Heaven, Earth and Hell was designed to herd simple minds, not homo-logues.
	"Science could create life from dead matter, as if life was merely a measure of quantum organization. So, homo-logues described Hell as entropy, the absence of organization. This was not the definition sold by religions because the occupants of an entropy-Hell would lack the self-awareness to suffer for their sins."
	Chislon lifted his palms. "Why are you telling me all this?"
	Azoic shrugged, dislodging the wrap of snow around his arms and shoulders, and revealing them to be naked. "If you can not find your soul, how can you share God with Neariah? All that you fight for is explained by the Homo-logue Mandate. We are the death of her religion, you and I."
	"Are you saying that I can not share Neariah's God?" A muscular spasm shivered through him and shrank him into a bundle around his own knees.
	"I am coming to that. Where was I? Oh, yes. Religions asserted that a human soul enters the body as life begins, then leaves at death. If life cannot be clearly defined through reproductive, growth or animation attributes, death cannot be clearly defined either. For example, does a temporary death in low-temperature storage cause a body to temporarily lose its soul? If a soul is anchored within a living body, why doesn't death shed it off into outer space like skin off a reptile? Where does the soul call home when its brain is partitioned or cloned?
	"Homo-logues proposed that a soul does not have quantum characteristics, no physical dimensions and no physical connections. They determined that soul-stuff co-exists throughout all matter, like an infinitely large energy-field—and all energy fields are infinitely large. This brought homo-logues to envision a single Universal Soul, shared by all matter, and every body and every thing.
	"The human God was perfect, a paradox that prevents It from learning, and It lived in a separate Heavenly domain from life on Earth. The homo-logue God was an evolving Universal Soul, and each mind within it was nothing more than a Godly thought. If Hell was entropy, Heaven was a state of wisdom, and if God was inside everything, then perhaps wisdom could be seen as a God-given objective for all matter. Homo-logues had discovered a definition of good and evil that did not need a social context: absolute good could be defined as an increase in the Universe's store of wisdom.
	"Homo-logues knew that organic brains had severe limitations in complexity and processing capacity, so they determined that organic intelligence might be an evolutionary stepping stone toward artificial intelligence. Thus they aimed to evolve themselves into inorganic minds.
	"Even before machines could think, they had been inherently capable of sharing information with eachother, like telepathy. Homo-logues saw the synergy of mind-share as good, a means to gain greater wisdom, so they transferred their minds into inorganic communal mind-share environments. It was a unique expression of love, to surrender themselves to the potential improvement of God.
	"So, in conclusion, Chislon, the Mandate requires evolution to take its natural, and then unnatural course. Yet, we androids avoid interfering with Nature because we do not know for certain that the homo-logues were correct. Only God can truly understand what God wants, so we androids believe that we should let Nature find its own path."
	Azoic raised his eyebrows and waited. Eventually Chislon said, "You are saying that we do not have individual souls, that God is a shared universal soul, permeating all things, organic and inorganic, alive and dead. If this is so, then you are also saying that Neariah's religion is false."
	Azoic nodded. "Any religion is at best an approximation, because no mind can comprehend God. The homo-logues believed that in death a mind would lose its independent identity and be reabsorbed back into God, regardless whether that mind was good or evil. They believed that religions are irrelevant to God. A homo-logue would tell you that humans can pray as much as they like, but if they are not learning or teaching in the process, they are wasting God's time."
	Chislon flexed his jaw muscles, fighting with the question that hung in his head like an executioner's axe. "Could Neariah accept any of this?"
	"We all share the same evolutionary path, every mosquito is made of quantum energy states that move toward Godhead. So, we all serve Neariah's God, we just serve It differently."
	Chislon was holding his forehead. "If there is only one God, why can't It be Neariah's God?"
	"God appears differently to different people and to different species. You and Neariah are so very different, she is natural, and you are unnatural. Thus, God will never appear the same to both of you."
	"I don't understand. How can we share each other, but not share each other's...?"
	"God?"
	"Yes, God. I just wanted to see her God, but now I know that I never can. Yet, I do believe that Neariah's people should be free, and at this moment, that is all that makes sense to me. Maybe she needs someone else to share her life, and her faith. Maybe she needs someone who is more natural than I am. Maybe I will never have anything to believe in, and maybe I will never be any more than I am. However, I do not believe that my life will have been wasted if I give her all I can give."
	Sadness returned to Azoic's eyes. "If that is not enough, you will leave her heart-broken. Your statements are irrational, as if you cannot see past your love-sickness. You remind me of Pygmalion, the Ixis sculptor who fell in love with his own statue and demanded that the gods breathe life into it. He was as deluded as you are.
	"Chislon, listen to me. Even if you win this war, you cannot love Neariah like a human. How can you pretend to be what you were not created to be? Forget about love. The sadness will pass when you die because that kind of love can only last as long as you live. What of her will you recognize when your minds have dissolved into an afterlife of blended identities?
	"Surely you see how slowly humans think, just as humans can see how slowly Erchless thinks. You should not pretend to be one of them, just as they do not pretend to be Erchless. It would not increase the wisdom in the Universe for you to pretend to be less evolved than—"
	"Stop!" Chislon was holding his fists between them, and he was shaking.
	Azoic began to retreat. "Look at yourself, trembling from nervous shock. You mind is over-stimulated, cognitively dissonant, you want to attack me—as if your pain is caused by me and not by your own guilt. Chislon, you can not harm me." The angelic face smiled. "I am an android."
	"No. That is not all that you were. Azoic was more than that. In his report he was a good person. He felt pain. He felt human feelings. He loved Neariah as if she was his own child, and he knew right from wrong as only a human can."
	"Ah, forgive me. I was wrong to make it seem that way. I was not feeling human feelings, because obviously, I am not human. I love Neariah with alien feelings."
	"But you also say that I am not human, and yet I feel...something. A connection...a love—"
	"No, you do not feel love. Perhaps you just feel sick, or perhaps you are just using Neariah as a substitute for God."
	"No, you lie!"
	"If I lie, then why can't my report also be a lie? Why can't Summerdale be a lie? My report was only a story, Chislon."
	"Summerdale no longer exists because you allowed it to be destroyed!" Chislon coughed, and pounded his fist against his cramping chest. "Neariah is right to hate you. You could have killed every Ixis soldier that attacked Summerdale without sustaining any harm to yourself. Yet, instead, you hid like a coward, and you allowed her family to be massacred!"
	"Neariah hates me?" Azoic was still backing away, only now he was stumbling.
	Chislon pushed himself toward the android. "You let the Ixis steal her innocence. You hypnotized her, but she saw what happened and she has spent her life punishing herself because of it. Every day she prays to her dead, begging their forgiveness, and every day she fills herself with a self-hatred that steals the joy from her life!" He was shouting into the android's face, but the expression looking back was one of such profound despair that he hesitated to lay his hands upon the naked neck.
	"But, I was not allowed to interfere with Nature."
	"Then what are you doing now, talking to me?"
	"You are not Nature—"
	"No, but you are allowing me to interfere with Nature on your behalf. I am just a toy to you, just as she was. You are playing with me so that you can keep your fairy hands clean of blood. The energet has made you insane. There is no way to know whether anything you say is true. What if you are the Devil in disguise?" He blinked frozen moisture from his eyes.
	Azoic turned and ran, his naked body slipping through the snow with more agility than biology could ever achieve.
	"Wait!" Chislon jumped into his tracks, but giving chase was futile. Azoic had disappeared into the fog, and his tracks stopped as if he had taken to flight. A sudden gust opened a view into empty air, causing Chislon to real back from the edge of the plateau. He was looking down over a gray void; a fall that seemed greater than an even android could survive.
	Chislon fell to his knees in the snow and shouted down, pressing out the remains of his precious warmth. "I am not your pawn and I am not God's pawn!"
	Then he whispered, "I can love, even if I am not human."


B7: SUPER HUMAN

	As he made his way to the Great Hall, Syntyche could hear the raucous clatter of immense armies through the many archery slots that pierced the thick walls. The Gathering had been worse than he had predicted. His people had listened in awe to the thunder of their approach, until crests of roaring humanity began to pour down upon them like molten lava.
	Each crest had been preceded by a pack of disgracefully wild riders, surrounding their equally wild warlord. Like frenzied drunkards, these packs had charged into Syntyche's own castle, without any discernable respect for his status or his property. It had taken his staff a long while to separate the warlords from their packs, while each pack claimed greater authority with greater loudness.
	Eventually the warlords had been shown into the Great Hall, where Syntyche had planned to be waiting. He had hoped to be explaining to them the finer concerns of military logistics, while his own officers continued to funnel their armies through the cattle-fences toward the waiting muster stations.
	They had not erected those fences for horses to jump over, but the general mayhem had been too loud to allow anyone to hear instructions. The reception teams had been ordered to remain calm no matter what happened. Although, they were probably too weary to do otherwise. Unfortunately, as the crush of incoming warriors began to overflow the practice fields, his reception teams had been lost among them.
	The muster stations had been ripped to pieces, and food was no longer being distributed in an orderly fashion. The visitors were getting noisier, and the sound of weapons being drawn in anger was becoming increasingly common.
	He had ordered that food remain the priority, since food usualy had a pacifying effect on warriors, but this priority had caused him to be late for the Warlord's Council. Meanwhile, he doubted that food would be having a pacifying effect on any of the warlords.
	He hesitated for a moment outside the enormous oak doors to the Great Hall, then pushed. The warlords were again standing in packs, only this time their packs consisted of Council Elders. Everyone was looking at him as he pushed the creaking doors closed behind him and the silence continued as he took the long march toward them.
	Where in Hell was Chislon? He looked between the huge stone columns that supported the Great Hall, and whispered under his breath, "I can not believe that you would desert us when we most need you. You absence will make it even harder for me to subdue these fools. Here I have a whole planet's population to organize, and you leave my flanks exposed to this troop of spoiled, egotistical conceited, opprobrious, umbrageous, asinine, adiposic....fools!"
	The Council Elders brushed aside to reveal three far more brightly attired fools. These three stared at him as if he was the Devil in person, and he bowed to greet them. Then a creaking sound echoed through the hall, distracting his audience, and he looked back over his shoulder to see that Neariah was entering.
	Since he had told her that he was going to promote Chislon, she had not spoken one word to him, and she had refused to obey his orders and leave Castletown. Now that Chislon was missing, he could easily imagine her stern mien of reproach.
	Could this situation become any more volatile? Her speed of approach confirmed that she was indeed angry, and he turned away so that his gaze would not provoke her.
	Not one of these peacocks could come close to matching her ire, on matters regarding Chislon. No, perhaps it was better that Chislon was absent, he would not be a good topic on which to start the conversation.
	The warlords looked like they were itching to speak, or shout. Victor stood behind his rounded stomach, breathing heavily; a bulky man with short arms and short legs. His face was still that of a Challenger, and Syntyche knew from experience that he had a temperament that could more than compensate for any height deficiency that he may feel.
	Syntyche's first impression of Victor had been one of disappointment; the man's shape did not match his formidable reputation. He had tried to stand close to him, to see if Victor would feel intimidated by the difference in their statures, but Victor had stood his ground. Syntyche had then spent the remainder of that first meeting defending himself against accusations of spying for the Ixis. Victor continued to irritate, more than a little, and so it was always a challenge to be polite to the little irritant.
	Warlord Pius had moved closer to Warlord Hillel, as if seeking Hillel's protection. Hillel's army was much smaller than Pius', but Hillel was an old warlord and Pius was too young to be confident. Being the more impetuous of the two, young Pius did most of the talking, but Hillel made the decisions, unless Victor was present. Pius lacked Hillel's diplomacy, but today even Hillel's famous patience seemed to be fading, he was pulling at his pointed beard with irate tugs.
	Suddenly, the three warlords began shouting at once, turning on each other while they pointed at him. Syntyche decided to remain silent so that Victor's rage might vent elsewhere.
	"...and since I have the largest army in the Outlands," Victor was shouting, "it should be you who bow to me!"
	"No, I command two armies." Hillel was suddenly the center of attention. "Warlord Pius has temporarily conceded his leadership to me."
	"Hah, even combined, your armies are no match for mine!" If Victor was surprised by the announcement, he showed no sign of it. "I have already assigned my chiefs the task of teaching your armies what I expect of them. It would not be advisable for you to interfere with this process, unless you wish to start a civil war."
	The Elders backed away, toward the stone columns, and Syntyche moved forward to stand between Hillel and Victor. Then the sound of the massive doors brought silence again. Given the distance, it was difficult to tell who stood there, especially since the individual was hiding half of his face behind the door.
	"Is that Chislon?" It was Warlord Victor who asked the question, and Syntyche opened his mouth to speak, then closed it, scowling. The man in the doorway was not Chislon, merely a warrior; the simple-minded one that often followed Chislon around like a lost puppy. The warrior was a mutant, with decidedly inferior abilities as a warrior. He had never understood why Chislon had not given up on this man who so obviously qualified as a human reject.
	"Hello, I'm Erchless." The warrior stepped out into the hall as if the floor was too hot for him. Then he looked up at the ceiling and made a cooing sound.
	"Who is this, Syntyche?" Victor was hardly impressed by the interruption.
	Erchless was suddenly waving his long arms as if he wanted to answer the question himself. "I have a message for you from Warlord Chislon." This was followed by a sharply echoed bark, as Erchless cleared his throat. "Ladies and Gentlemen and Elders and warlords and everyone else...ah...I have to tell you that Warlord Chislon is organizing elections. He says he respects your opinions but he doesn't think that elections are for you to decide—no, no! That was wrong, start again—he says an issue of this importance is not for you to decide. Yes, that was it. And, he also—ah—you are all invited to join him, on Center Field, if you like. Everyone can vote—"
	"Vote?" bellowed Victor, sending his disbelief echoing up into the rafters.
	"Ah, yes, Sir. A vote. You put your arm up, like this, and somebody counts you." Erchless held his arm up.
	Victor stormed toward Erchless as if he were going to trample him into the floor. "Where is this Center Field?" The violent echoes demonstrated that Victor was in no humor for this, and Erchless retreated until his face was again partially hidden behind the door.
	"It's the one in the centre. You can't miss it, everybody is standing on it, except you, of course."
	Victor halted in front of Erchless and for a moment they faced each other, while the multiple retorts of stamping feet died away. Then Victor pushed Erchless backward as he charged out.
	Neariah was the next to leave, and Syntyche imagined the two warlords racing each other to be the first to attack. Syntyche remained close to the remaining warlords as they marched out into the dark, unable to regain the initiative. What could Chislon possibly hope to achieve by this?
	It was too dark to count raised arms, and if he intended to show off his army's fighting skills, it would certainly inspire Victor to show off his. It could not be a demonstration of control over an army, since it would not be possible to march a whole army within visible range of a lantern.
	Did Chislon then expect to show off a few of his best warriors? They needed to see a leader of armies, not a trainer.
	The Elders were pressed to keep up with the warlords, so they lagged some way behind. Looking back, Syntyche could see that they were muttering apprehensively to each other, as if offended by the sudden hike. However, they were soon obscured by the crowds that swelled around the warlords.
	On top of the hill, almost invisibly small, the command platform was lit up, a bright finger pointing into the blue-black sky. It was toward this finger that the warlords paced, following an excited Erchless who kept running on ahead and then waiting, waving his arms.
	The warriors often cheered as the colorful party passed through them, and it was not long before this cheering had grown into a deafening roar. Each army was now shouting out the name of their respective warlord, which visibly impressed the warlords. Victor, in particular, had slowed down to a more dignified march, to carry his head higher and his shoulders more squarely. Even Hillel and Pius were walking differently, each smiling as if they could only hear their own warriors.
	Syntyche should have guessed that nobody would be shouting for Chislon. Castletown's warriors had been ordered to remain calm, no matter what happened, but their silence also seemed to show that they did not have the same pride in their Warlord Regent; the man who had forced such weariness upon them with commands that nobody could keep up with.
	From the bottom of the platform they could not see who was on it, although it would certainly not accommodate more than a handful of people. Only four could ascend at once, and Neariah was already scaling one of the ladders. The three warlords were quick to follow, leaving Syntyche as the last to begin climbing. As he did so, he could hear Erchless giving orders. "No one else is allowed up there," he was shouting, and Castletown's warriors were forming a protective ring around the entire structure.
	Did Chislon intend to kill the competing warlords? If so, Chislon would find himself fighting his way out through fields of enraged warriors. The Gathering would be decimated.
	As Syntyche stepped off the ladder and onto the platform, Victor had already begun to attack. "...and not only do I find myself waiting for an upstart pit-slave who has no intention of keeping our appointment, but I find that the pit-slave is trying to order my warriors around while I am not looking. Do you think that my warriors would vote for anyone else but me? Are you insane? A vote? Do you have any idea how ridiculous that idea is? This is an army. Warriors do not vote!"
	Chislon had his back to them. The thin safety ledge around the platform had lanterns tied to it, and these lanterns were spreading a yellow light around him. He was signaling to a distant group of warriors by lowering a metal cylinder over one of the lanterns. As Chislon turned to face them he nodded. "Greetings warlords. I heard your progress as you approached. Your warriors are in good voice."
	"What games do you play, warrior? This is far from courteous." Hillel was still sizing Chislon up.
	Chislon paused to set aside his lantern cover. "As Warlord Victor ha just explained, our combined forces can not be led by unanimous opinion. There will rarely be time to discuss strategy, and there will be less time to repair disagreements. We all appreciate the need for an undisputed leader and we all appreciate the potential dangers of not having such a leader. Our leader's decisions must not be questioned, by us or by the warriors who may have to die because of them.
	"Yet, tonight is an exception. Tonight, a unanimous opinion is required to select our leader. I have decided that for once we shall follow the wishes of our subordinates."
	"You have decided...?" Victor had his hand on his sword.
	"This is nonsense, and it is a waste of time!" Pius stepped forward from behind Hillel. "Each man will vote for his own Warlord. There will be no unanimous conclusion, only increased disagreement."
	Syntyche opened his mouth, intending to speak—then he closed it again, frowning.
	"It is too dark, Warlord," Hillel was shaking his head. "How would you count raised arms fairly? There are many warriors who cannot be seen."
	Chislon turned away and placed his hands flatly on the ledge between the lanterns. He now spoke toward the sky. "You are correct, Warlord Hillel. This vote will not be like any vote you have ever seen. I was told by my warriors that they could march with such skill that that you would surely be impressed. They also suggested that, if they could display superior discipline among the chaos below us, in the dark, in silence, it would demonstrate a more valid command structure as a basis for combining our forces.
	"But one of my commanders argued that a warlord might feel challenged by this, if he could not demonstrate similar control over his own army. That same commander also suggested that an embarrassed warlord might allow his vision to shorten until the only thing he saw in this darkness was his own anger.
	"All of these warriors are proud men. They are proud, because they know that God is inside them. They have gained their self-respect through hard work, to raise a noble army from fragmented tribes. What my commander asked from them is something that only an Ixis would demand from a slave." He stopped speaking for a strained moment, and to Syntyche's surprise not one of the other warlords stole the opportunity to interrupt him.
	"My commander suggested that angry warlords would see further if they understood not the quantity of the vote, but its quality." Chislon lifted the lantern cover above his head.
	All around them the rising hum gave way to a rustling sound and Syntyche leaned over the safety ledge to see what was happening. Some of the warriors were kneeling down, as if they had been injured, and then others began to kneel around them. It seemed that all the warriors of Castletown, at least those who were visible in the poor light, were lowering themselves to the ground.
	Further away torches began to jerk like a ripple of stars flowing out to the horizon. The crowds were becoming hushed, filled with the immediate discomfort that came from watching free persons kneel. The shocked warlords were distinctly shocked, but none more so than Syntyche.
	How could Chislon, a man without feelings, inspire an army to kneel like this? Some of them might kneel before God, but Chislon was not a god. They were at war with an enemy whose leader thought he was a god, and even the Ixis would not kneel before their Emperor. Yet, here the proudest of free persons were now kneeling to Chislon as if they were mere slaves. Was not slavery the greatest dishonor that an honorable warrior could be subjected to? Was not kneeling before a man the ultimate in humiliation? 
	"That commander suggested that each warrior must consult his or her own feelings."
	Syntyche whirled around with his mouth hanging open, to gape down at the speaker. It was Neariah!
	"I had already vowed to kneel for no one except God, but sometimes God works through a person."
	Syntyche was wide-eyed. This was Neariah speaking, a female who had learned to distrust Chislon even before the people of Castletown had learned to distrust him; and there she was, kneeling! He glanced at the warlords' bewildered faces, and then looked back over the safety rail at the confusion in those who still stood proud among the kneelers. Chislon still had his arm outstretched, and the yellow light carved his silhouette into the star-field.
	Syntyche grappled for a rational explanation. Chislon's abusive leadership had made the warriors despise him. The warriors had been complaining continually about their Warlord Regent, and Neariah could not have despised him more if he had been the Emperor himself. Yet, now there were even more warriors kneeling, and some did not even know Chislon.
	What obscure instinct had Chislon manipulated? What trick could have seduced these people into such self-effacing behavior? What spell could pervade the psychology of free people in their thousands, like this? He could not believe that Chislon was doing this; even he could not do this.
	Syntyche felt a pinch on the side of his leg, and he glanced down to see a particularly reproachful frown on Neariah's face. He began to raise his eyebrows, to ask her why in Hell's name she had.... Instead, he knelt down beside her, hoping that she would stop frowning at him as if she was becoming convinced that he was a dim-witted oaf.
	Hillel began to chuckle. His laughter caused Victor and Pius to look to him to provide a dignified response, but instead of speaking he knelt, still laughing. Their incredulous utterances only increased his amusement, and he belted the back of Pius' knees with a roar of delight. As Pius' knees knocked onto the deck, Hillel suddenly stopped laughing.
	Victor and Hillel stared at each other for a moment, the shorter man looking down on the larger with a frown. Then Victor looked away with a grunt, and shook his head at the distant crowds. Very few warriors were now standing among those that remained kneeling.
	"Warrior Chislon. I have heard much about you." Victor was now speaking in a whisper, and his face tilted back to re-examine the large man before him. Then Victor moved his face to one side, as if receiving the consultation of an invisible Elder. "The Southlands may be far from here, but stories fly further than the birds in winter.
	"We have heard how the honorable Syntyche was able to build an army here in Castletown in less than a year. We then heard how he stepped aside for a warrior to make it stronger, and so we investigated to learn more about that warrior. It was said that a Plainman defeated the famous Scarface, a man that I once knew very well. Yes, Scarface was my master for a while. I was one of his pit-slaves, so there was no man I hated more than Scarface. If I had not felt God calling me back to the Southlands, I would have stayed in Erebus to fight him, but I cannot say that I would have defeated him. Yet, it is said that the Plainman defeated him without sweat.
	"We all know that a leader's strife is often incredible, but it should not be un-creditable. If I am to accept the smallest truth in the giant tale that follows you, Chislon of the Plainfolk, then I must accept that you as a Warlord, but this, this is not necessary." Victor looked down at the platform, and for many heartbeats he breathed his distaste upon it, puffing through his nose. Then he knelt.
	To turn around and look down upon the kneeling warlords would have left the warlords feeling violated, so Syntyche was not surprised to see Warlord Chislon hop over the lanterns. Neariah cried out, obviously unaware that Chislon could easily survive the fall, despite a loud thump from below as he landed.
	She looked down between the deck planks and as she lifted her face she seemed to relax with a quiet sigh. He too could see through the planks that their Warlord Regent was walking away unharmed, and he could hear the warriors beginning to shout his name in unison, over and over again.
	Victor was nodding thoughtfully. "What that man can do is super-human!"
	Syntyche noticed how broadly Neariah was smiling.

~~~~~

	Centuries ago, two age-old tributaries had respectfully shaken hands and retired into a last resting place called Lake Wye. Today, many lifetimes later, a mysterious figure was walking through the Wye Valley, heading west. Like a man waiting for the rising sun to warm old bones, the mysterious figure was looking up at bloated, scarlet clouds that were rolling lazy shadows across the waking fields.
	Slowly the pallid smudges that had stained the squalid skies of night began to bleach, rinse and fold into morning clouds, like vast lacy sheers being pinned to a smoothly ironed sky. There was the promise of divine inspiration in the freshly made day and it filled the valley with glorious cleanliness.
	The mysterious figure unwrapped its arms out toward the sun, and as if in reply, beams of light dipped through the clouds like Godly fingers in a celestial palate. A magnificent radiance stroked the trembling grass with the hypnotic touch of rainbows, and the each blade began to sway in unison.
	Thus, these rising blades returned a uniform wave, in a valley that would soon tremble under the rising blades of a more deadly nature. The mysterious figure crouched down, as if hiding from any such thoughts, and then it lay down as if weariness had overtaken it.
	This reclining figure was the first visitor that the valley creatures had seen all spring. Nearby, a robin preaned itself, nestling its beak into its blazon chest feathers. Apparently, the robin was not concerned about their mystery guest, and nor did it seem to be concerned about the fearful lean of its perch: a tall and solitary bulrush that was rising from the murky shallows of Lake Wye.
	Early morning mists slid out from their deathbeds among the night-soaked grasses, but they did not startle the bird. It did not take to flight when eerie movements below it began to resolve into forms like demon spirits, shrugging off their funeral shrouds. Suddenly, as if betrayed by a clawing chill, the robin clutched its heart feathers in its beak. 
	The mysterious figure suddenly sat up, and looked into the shallows. The sunrise glinted upon the water, pouring a golden presence over the sky's reflection that, for all the world, could have been a divine canvas painted by a heavenly impressionist, a tribute to Mother Nature's spring-cleaning.
	The morning mists writhed one last time into a wretched knot, and descended beneath a patchwork-blanket of floating leaves. The lake now looked warmer, and it seemed to invite walkers across its ford. However, a bird that tried to walk on water would be waving its carefree steps through an audience of eels, and eels would risk being bitten by each other for a chance bite a walker.
	Eels owned a dark and murky world where no bird could imagine going, and they were eternally patient. They lay curled around their immortal coils, waiting for the pond's returning faithful. They could anticipate deadly fate as only those that lived in such a half-life could.
	Out of the spring grass, luminous dragonflies arrowed over their own fantastic reflections, stopping to admire and lick the glimmering jewels of sunshine. Elsewhere, rabbits ventured nervous noses out of warrens, testing for the chasing bite of driven rain or the howling animadversion of a wicked storm. Yet, at the sun's invitation, their eager playmates bumped into each other's flashy tails to stir their friends into joyful circles. 
	One day the evil season would return, with teeth set to pierce any timid paw that ventured into it. The lake would resist its groaning metamorphosis, but its glossy health would dull in a cancerous moonlight that would cause it to stiffen into an empty stage, upon which vacuous veins would claw outward with sounds like snapping bones.
	Winter's malicious presence would one day tug life's warmth out of any animal that chose to linger, turning its paw prints into pockmarks and scabs. The solitary bulrush would become a tortured reed, flapping like a shredded tongue begging for mercy. The sleeping bird would sleep its last sleep, never again to see summer. 
	The sad figure had left the valley.

~

	"The Valley of Unrest", Edgar Allan Poe, 1809-1849.

~

	Once it smiled a silent dell
	Where the people did not dwell;
	They had gone unto the wars,
	Trusting to the wide-eyed stars,
	Nightly from their azure towers,
	In the midst of which all day
	The red sunlight lazily lay.

~

	Now each visitor shall confess
	The sad valley's restlessness.
	Nothing there is motionless— 
	Nothing save the airs that brood
	Over the magic solitude.
	Ah, by no wind are stirred those trees
	That palpitate like the chill seas
	Around the misty Hebrides!
	Ah, by no wind those clouds are driven
	That rustle through the unquiet Heaven
	Uneasily, from morn till even,
	Over the violets there that lie
	In myriad types of the human eye—
	Over the lilies there that wave
	And weep above a nameless grave!
	They wave:- from out their fragrant tops
	Eternal dews come down in drops.
	They weep:- from off their delicate stems
	Perennial tears descend in gems.

~


B8: ANGRY TEARS

	"Warlord Syntyche, Sir? Warlord? Sir?"
	Syntyche blinked at the anxious messenger.
	"Sir? Warlord Chislon sends you his respects, and requests that you prepare to march."
	"Yes? Oh, of course." He had almost forgotten his own name for a moment there.
	"Sir, we must prepare to march."
	"Yes, I heard you warrior. Tell Chislon, tell Warlord Chislon, that we are ready at his command." Syntyche rubbed his frown and then returned to his thoughts.
	Swapping stories and verses had become the primary means for warriors to get to know each other. Each time they stopped to camp, he learned new songs, and heard strange tales of distant lands.
	Yet, so often the warriors would credit their strange tales to a mythical character known only as The Storyteller, especially if they thought that he might object to any of the controversial subject matter.
	For example:

~
	Y' brave young man, y' ready man,
	Aye, when y' can, y' can,
	B' hold y' head f' Heaven's sake,
	Don' fold down dead f' one mistake,
	Grow old, well fed, with bones that ache,
	F' when y'gan y'gan.	
~
	"Warlord Syntyche, Sir. We have been instructed to form the truck-wagons into two columns, then to pull a squad out of formation to get anyone who isn't a warrior off these fields. Warlord Chislon regrets that there is no more time left for families to say good-bye."
	Syntyche did not even look at the speaker this time, he merely nodded. Yes, the time for good-byes was over. How many warriors assumed that their good-byes were forever? Even if their Warlord Regent worked directly for God, he doubted that Chislon could defy the law of probability; the Ixis outnumbered the Outlanders many times over. Many warriors would die, they might all die.
	The Storyteller perhaps understood war in ways that many of these warriors could not yet imagine. It was difficult to believe that their awful destiny was so soon upon them.
~
	Taunting, dyed red, mystery,
	Haunting, my head, history,
	Flaunting, unsaid, this to me:
	What excuse is war, to dust I die,
	Lives we must ignore, to justify,
	My beliefs are law, and thus I lie.
~
	The tears of yesterday's hero,
	A free man with no place to be,
	The lone survivor of thousands,
	That lost all but victory.
	They fought for their honor and pride,
	They fought for the right to be free,
	Such faith in the warrior's dream,
	But who now lives here to see?
	The bravest hearts can be broken,
	When faith is set thus, verily,
	The tears of yesterday's hero,
	On a face that smiles free.
~
	The infantry sections had left Castletown earlier this morning. Their leaving had been remarkably efficient, although he had hardly done anything to contribute. His people had almost forgotten that it had been he, Warlord Syntyche, who had raised this army, and it had been he who had persuaded them that God was on their side. Status was a strange aura; it could fall away like snakeskin.
	He was absently patting his horse, leaning forward in a saddle that had become discolored from use. These last few weeks since the vote had been busy—very busy. Chaos had returned to their maneuvers, and the warlords had required his constant attention to stop them interfering.
	Their tenacious demands had left him wondering whether diplomacy was the right answer. He would have preferred the opportunity to apply a meaningful electro-burst to their behinds.
	This reminded him of Chislon's emitter. It had been depleted with such force that its ion-line had melted off. Why Chislon would have required such a violent discharge remained another mystery. There were still too many mysteries surrounding Chislon, not least his recent absence from Castletown.
	Certainly that vote had come out of nowhere, it had not come from the Chislon that he had once known. Now, Syntyche was no longer in control, but who or what had taken over?
	It seemed likely that the gods were still influencing Chislon. That first day, when Chislon had come riding down into Castletown like a goddamned android, he had still been the perfect one, and socially clueless.
	One moment he was a as cold and distant as an android, then next he was exhibiting skills that caused warriors to forgive him for anything. The more ruthlessly he treated them, the more they respected him. Syntyche's only route to understanding lay in direct questioning, but so far such an opportunity had failed to materialize.
	Galloping up to the head of the columns, he found himself among a gaggle of colorful warlords who were awaiting Chislon's attention. Messengers were riding back and forth between Chislon and distant parts of the various columns, so Chislon was never alone. There was no alternative, the opportunity to talk privately with Chislon would have to be created by brute force.
	"Chislon?" He reined up alongside, waving back the next messenger, and squinting menacingly at the warlords. "My intelligence reports indicate that the Ixis have reinforced Godsmouth with at least one more legion. If it proves necessary to bypass Godsmouth and head straight for Erebus, we may find Ixis in front of us and behind us. We cannot fight and march at the same time.
	"We also know that a siege will take months, given that Erebus is well defended and has plenty of supplies. A siege of Erebus would alert all away-legions to return to Erebus' defense, and those legions would find us spread out around Erebus in a thin and vulnerable blockade.
	"Meanwhile, we could suffer huge losses during our first attack wave against their infamous ring-walls, and with such losses we would not have an effective—"
	"Syntyche, you sound worried. I never saw you worry  before."
	"I am merely speculating."
	"Then speculate on this. If you were Emperor Quintus Tullius Erebic and you had at least six legions at your disposal, a force that is twice the size of our combined forces, would you not use your advantage to its fullest political weight? Or would you hide to await a siege, in a city where you are outnumbered by slaves that dream of fighting against your tyranny?"
	"If I were an Ixis? Neither of us think like—" He glanced around and lowered his voice "—humans."
	Chislon considered this briefly. "If I were a slave in a besieged Erebus, and if I knew that the Ixis would not chase me if I escaped, I would join the Outland Alliance at my first opportunity. I would be one of many such slaves."
	Syntyche tried to imagine Chislon as an Ixis slave, he knew that Chislon had been one, but the picture would not sit easily in his mind. "You base much on knowing what it is to be a slave, my friend."
	Chislon's response was a smile, a melancholy smile that again made Syntyche wonder how the man had learned to communicate with such complexity. Even the eyes seemed to go dull, as if the distress was genuine. "Have you already forgotten what it was to be a slave? Do you not remember what they took from you?"
	Syntyche squinted at his one-time half-brother, and kept staring into the eyes, searching for that steel-hard hatred that the gods had injected.
	Chislon was frowning—"Why are you staring at me like that? What are you thinking, Syntyche?"—a perfect frown.
	The gods had often asked them what they were thinking. Was Chislon using irony as a weapon? "Why do you ask?"
	"Because your face shows anxiety, and you are lost for words. You, lost for words, that is unusual. Even your name means ‘he who speaks'. Why do you suppose that Azoic gave us the names that we now use so freely?"
	"The android was insane."
	"Yes, the energet leak. Could he, or the gods, remain sane?"
	"Are you criticizing our gods?"
	"Perhaps the gods are sane and everyone else is insane. It does seem strange, everyone warring for their respective gods, as if it is faith that leads to killing instead of hatred."
	"What has that got to do with the sanity of our gods?"
	"What will you and I do if this army breaks into Erebus and exposes their Inner City?"
	"We destroy the resident seedship, of course."
	"Why?" Chislon asked.
	This, Syntyche realized, was why Chislon had been behaving so cleverly. He was testing, as the gods had tested, to see if they both remained loyal to those unfeeling monsters. Hence, the sudden use of facial expressions to make it seem as if there was less need for caution. Hence, the lack of communication between them while he was training their army, so that Chislon could practice the social techniques that Chislon was now using. It was all a trap to catch him off guard.
	Syntyche responded as casually as he could. "Do you think that we should not destroy the resident seedship?"
	"I do not expect to survive that long, so there is little point making plans that include it. I am not made of the same stuff that you are made of, Syntyche. Weapons do not bounce off me. I was surprised, when we fought each other, that you let me win. I was even more surprised that your nose bled. Tell me, why did you retain an organic face, when you could have upgraded it to an inorganic one?"
	"Why do you ask this? I needed to ensure that my facial gestures would seem more natural during our mission. What other reason would I have?"
	This conversation was so unlike Chislon that he could not imagine what Chislon might be gaining from it. He tried to relax his face, hoping that he was not letting any thoughts show through, and then he re-examined the perfect human.
	"My brother, I thought you might have wanted to retain some connection with what you used to be, when you were hatched. A loyalty to yourself, perhaps."
	Syntyche tried not to grind his teeth. It was just a guess, Chislon was just testing. "My loyalties were never in question. I was always loyal to the gods. The question everyone always asked was how you, Human Six-Six-Six, could retain the will to survive?
	"The gods terminated so many superior units whose performance was much better than yours. You were an inferior unit, but even the gods seemed to be inspired by you. Why was that, Chislon?"
	"Perhaps the gods wanted resource diversity during the mission. I am less vulnerable to energet. Perhaps they saw something in me that they respected."
	"Like a soul?"
	Chislon shrugged, a slow gesture of heavy despair. "No. I once hoped that I had such a thing, and that hope is probably why Azoic named me Chislon, which means ‘hope'. Soul or no soul, I can only die with whatever honor I might lay claim to, and if there is anything waiting for me after death, then I will hope for more forgiveness than is probably available."
	Chislon's sadness pulled Syntyche to say, "War makes one think about death too much, and it makes souls so much more important to us. Proximity to death makes faith seem a lot more meaningful. I sound like I am giving you a sermon, don't I? However, I am really just warming up to asking you a simple question. Chislon, I need to know whether your beliefs have evolved since—"
	"Warlords? Are you making plans for the invasion already?" It was Victor, pushing through a group of messengers as if he was insulted that he had been left out of their conversation.
	Syntyche smiled at him, inwardly restraining his irritation. "No, Warlord Victor. We were discussing which gods the Ixis might pray to, when they know that we mean to attack."
	"I doubt that they will shake in their sandals." Victor smiled back. "The Ixis have rarely known defeat and their gods outnumber ours, by about a thousand to one, I calculate."
	Syntyche nodded. "Yes, it must be a very unmanageable faith. Time for a new one, perhaps?"
	"It must be an even more unmanageable faith when some of their top gods defect."
	Syntyche squinted. "What do you mean?"
	"Have you not heard? The Ixis think that you two are Romulus and Remus, the god-twins who built Erebus. That is very amusing, is it not?"
	Victor was rubbing his stomach as he chuckled, like a man enjoying a good meal. "Perhaps they are already trying to kill off a few excess gods, and which better to start with than the god-twins that they blame for the great fire.
	"The management of so many gods is quite an art, don't you think? So, this war is now supposed to be between God-Emperor Quintus and the god twins, Romulus and Remus.
	"This kind of story-telling reminds me of my old days in the Colosseum, when gods like yourselves used to make us little mortals do all their killing for them." This last statement made him feel so pleased with himself that he almost rolled out of his saddle with laughter.
	Syntyche raised his eyebrows. "So, if we really are Romulus and Remus, let us pray that God doesn't defect to their side." This seemed to silence the irritating little...warlord.

~~~~~

	Although Syntyche continued his preparations for war with determination, he spent every spare moment re-examining his conversation with Chislon. Could Chislon's pensive mood be a direct result of a fear of dying?
	One thing was certain; Chislon was the most likely of all of them to be killed in this campaign.
	Unlike the Ixis, it was considered dishonorable if an Outland leader hid behind the battle ranks. Yet, it was a standard Ixis strategy to kill enemy leaders first. With a God-Emperor who did not lack the motivation to have Chislon killed, Chislon's future looked very bleak.
	Yet, Chislon had never before shown such sadness, so why now? Why would death hold greater fears for Chislon now than before? Could it be because Chislon had no God waiting for him after life, or could it be that the God he expected to find would damn him for his lack of faith?
	Throughout this day and well into the night, their Warlord Regent had ordered the army to keep marching, so they now had to set up camp in the dark. Trail scouts were continually investigating the surrounding areas, and lookouts had been posted far from the main camp.
	Yet, this was still home territory, and with no restrictions on campfires he could see thousands of light-specks dotted over the meadows. It was at last time to relax, and fires nearly always inspired jocularity among fire-watchers.
	These camps were much more enjoyable than the camps in Castletown had been. Storytellers found ample audiences, despite the Warlord Regent's orders that everyone should sleep.
	It was interesting how the campfires became more buoyantly populated as he walked further away from the warlord's pavilion. In fact, it was along the outer boundaries of their makeshift town where the best stories and songs were to be found.
	At one of these outer-campfires, some warriors were listening to a female warrior who, despite her shyness, had an emotive voice. Syntyche remained in the shadows, since his presence nearly always brought conversation to a stop.
	"I have a song which was made by a man they call The Storyteller," she offered, nervously. "I was given it by a trader from across the ocean. It is called The Singer's Tune, and it is about forgetting what we are and...."
	She shrugged. "Well, perhaps I should recite it—although, don't expect me to sing. This is as good as it gets." The other warriors smiled encouragingly while she cleared her throat and stiffened her arms as if attempting to look like someone else.
	Then she held her hand out toward the listening trees, causing some of her audience to look around to see where she was about to aim her voice. Syntyche backed further into the shadows, hoping that he would not distract her.
	She scraped through a rigid oration, but her words reached out to him as he, like the circle of warriors, settled into the flow by tapping his feet and losing his vision in the campfire.
~
	In our dark and silent night
	A shiny eye is spying,
	And far beyond our mortal sight,
	Its ancient light is dying,
	Who knows why it chose to fight,
	For it was always lying,
	Upon a stark and godless right,
	To take what it was eyeing.
~
	Falling with an unborn cry,
	Three golden eggs redeeming,
	We rise we children of the sky
	To reach the starlight gleaming,
	One a Preacher bye and bye,
	He made a haven teaming,
	With warriors that set to die,
	For freedom, ever dreaming.
~
	One was nowhere to be found,
	Then suddenly was ruling,
	An army on the Preacher's ground
	And brutal with their schooling,
	One was I, and all I found,
	Beyond my maker's tooling,
	And so I turn this song around,
	To see who I am fooling.
~
	Virtual reality,
	Was like a poet reading,
	From shades of gray tonality,
	To bleeding hearts in needing,
	Here in verse posterity,
	Are whispered words conceding,
	Our breath's ungrateful verity,
	Upon the winds ‘reseeding'.
~
	Destiny is like a gale,
	That steers as we are cruising,
	But furling up in case we fail,
	Will always set to losing,
	Listen to this distant tale,
	And be there no excusing,
	The Ship that runs without a sail,
	Against our course of choosing.
~
	She had stopped singing, and Syntyche began to move toward her. The story-verse had touched too many nerves for coincidence, he needed to know who this Storyteller had been. Yet, now she was struggling to explain why the remainder of her story-verse was not supposed to be sung, that it was supposed to be spoken as if by an ancient person.
	The faces of the huddled warriors indicated some confusion at her apologetic self-interruption, but they remained silent as if waiting for her humble tune to resume, despite her excuses. Some of them were even trying their utmost to tap out its simple rhythm as she began cantillating to a different meter.
~
	A Storyteller in a band,
	That wandered through a foreign land,
	Heard singing floating on the breeze,
	That swayed his mind to summer's ease,
	A Singer passed beside his way,
	With nothing more than this to say,
	"The rain falls on the Painter's day."
~
	In the town our Storyteller,
	Met a poor old painting seller,
	"My picture died," the Painter cried,
	"I once had skill to show with pride,"
	He held it in his shaking hand,
	"A picture of the barren sand,
	I lost the touch that Nature planned."
~
	So many in such silence were,
	In rings around our wanderer,
	To hear his story in a town,
	That long forgot the Singer's frown,
	The Painter who had shown his heart,
	In twisted forms of shaking art,
	Now showed our 'Teller where to start.
~
	Our Storyteller filled his stand,
	As if the podium was grand,
	And spoke about his Singer friend,
	Whose broken heart was yet to mend:
~
	A man of song once proudly stood,
	To pour his soul across this wood,
	To spray a tune like liquid flame,
	To light your eyes within his game,
	But lungs that once held sunny air,
	Could voice no care so empty where,
	His stare was bare of will to share.
~
	Think back on what was learned before,
	His music burned away its store,
	And woe his time of hardship spent,
	On wisdom built with sentiment,
	And pull upon his darkest hood,
	To see the bad before the good,
	To hide from pain not understood.
~
	The Singer traveled to a land,
	Where no seed grew to hold the sand,
	Where rarely did it ever rain,
	The sun was fierce, the air insane,
	A hell that was a weary wait,
	For nightly cold of bitter hate,
	Yet people fought this sorry fate.
~
	So much he wanted to return,
	To where his singing did not burn,
	To where each plant could stretch at ease,
	For granted take the idle breeze,
	And feel the mild flower season,
	This place had no rhyme or reason,
	Was this desert Nature's treason?
~
	A young girl sat within a tent,
	And to this shade the Singer went,
	He pushed aside his sweaty frown,
	To stretch a face now polished brown,
	This smile did not earn him her shade,
	His sweat fell hissing on her blade,
	From such distrust was friendship made.
~
	Where was the happiness of life,
	Must even children keep a knife? 
	In endless days her trust he gained,
	Then questioned why it never rained,
	She tried to think of water flies,
	And doubted that he shared her skies,
	Today his eyes cry dry as lies.
~
	I stand up here a man to tend,
	A story to a happy end,
	Alas the Singer could not say,
	What happened then one rainy day,
	No heart is wiser than its pain,
	And life's injustice filled his brain,
	Perhaps his lips sealed with disdain?
~
	Our Storyteller bowed to leave,
	Yet what should we the crowd believe?
	That from our pain comes nothing good,
	And nothing more be understood?
~
	The Painter throws his painting down,
	And pours upon it with a frown,
	With all his heart he gives it life,
	In colors of the Painter's knife,
	Then taking back his humble stand,
	He makes our Teller's arms expand,
	To hold a picture deeply scanned.
~
	"Oh, please forgive my shaking air,
	For twisting flowers where I care,
	But I have seen the desert too,
	Yes sun shines dry, but hope shines too,
	My skill is poor upon this token,
	Look you all to words unspoken,
	Hear the heart that now lays broken."
~
	And floating on the summer breeze,
	An angel's voice stirs through the trees,
	"The rain falls on the Painter's day,
	The Storyteller will not say,
	Too young to reason, old to dream,
	Too blind to see the brilliant scheme,
	Of Nature's shining sun, supreme!"
~
	Our Storyteller mutely went,
	His own part of the story spent,
	The town now sees the Painter's art,
	And listens to the Singer start,
	A magic song of shiny land,
	Where no seed grew to hold the sand,
	A song of hope to understand,
	"The rain falls on the flower stand...."
~
	Someone laughed nervously, and then tried to turn his outburst into a muffled cough. One man shuffled in his seat, and dislodged a bowl of eating utensils from his lap. He grabbed anxiously but every last one of them fell noisily to the ground. The other warriors watched him but they were quick to be staring at the fire as he looked up self-consciously. All were busy in their own private silence, their tune tapping forgotten.
	Azoic's mischief had been evident throughout every part of that story-verse; it was exactly the kind of thing that Azoic would send to them, as a message to notify them of his survival. Syntyche stepped between the huddled warriors and found himself facing a row of shocked faces. They remained sitting there, without standing to attention, staring at him as if he was a ghost that had just risen out of the fire.
	"Where did she go?"
	There was no answer.
	He clapped his hands, and gradually the warriors started to shake themselves as if they were just waking up. "Where did she go, the woman who was just speaking?"
	They merely shrugged, as if they did not know who he was talking about. One by one they stood to attention, shaking themselves, but he did not have time to wait for them to wake up. He ordered them to search the area as he walked away, beginning his own search more immediately. However, by the time he forced himself to stop hunting, and to start thinking, he had lost track of the warriors in the maze of campfires.
	That female had deliberately been playing with the warriors' minds, so perhaps she had been a he—Azoic! An android could take any shape, given access to an epidermal laboratory. Yet, their life-pods had not contained such technology, so to be able to take such a form the android must have entered one of the seedships. If that had been Azoic, a deadly dangerous situation had arisen.
	Azoic's intentions were unknown. He was confident of his abilities to physically restrain Chislon—should the need arise—but without an emitter, fighting an android would be as pointless as trying to flatten a mountain with a wet fish!
	The story-verse had obviously been aimed at a subconscious or emotional level, which was hardly the god's style. So, if the resident seedship now controlled Azoic, why would it need to use Azoic in this way? Then again, if that mysterious female had not been Azoic, the resident seedship could have been using another vessel-body that was familiar with Azoic-style mind-games.... His own mind was circling around and around, reviewing too many possibilities.
	It was time to talk to Chislon again, only this time he was going to have to force Chislon to explain his loyalties and motivations. It was just a suspicion, but it seemed to fit: Azoic had survived, and the android had been sub-consciously guiding Chislon's activities.
	Suddenly, Chislon's behavior became much easier to understand. The key would be to determine whether Azoic, and therefore Chislon, were in turn being controlled by one of the seedships. He had always thought that Azoic's late addition to the mission was suspicious, but now it might prove deadly.
	It took some time to find Chislon because he was standing motionless in the shadows, well beyond the bell-ropes at pavilion's perimeter. A female was talking to him, possibly the one that had delivered the story-verse, so Syntyche moved quietly as he approached. However, it was not the female he expected it to be.
	Chislon said, "The Ixis will try to ensure that I do not survive our first battle. You must let go of me. This war has reached a stage where we cannot afford any weakness."
	"Is loving me a weakness?" The voice was Neariah's, and Syntyche dropped down onto his knees and held his breath.
	"Yes, the power you have over me weakens—"
	"The power? Chislon, what are you saying? Why are you being so cruel?"
	"What am I supposed to think if I have to order your section to charge into a legion twenty times your size?"
	"Oh, Chislon!" Neariah threw her arms around his neck and buried her face in his chest. Chislon stood like a wall. He did not even look down at her.
	She stepped backward. "I don't understand."
	"I am what I am. It is.... Just, what I am."
	"No, this is not what you are. This is how you choose to be. You can not forget how we feel about each other just because I make you feel—" she struggled with the word "—weak!"
	Chislon did not answer but instead he continued looking beyond her, into the trees.
	"Chislon, you can pretend to be a pile of unfeeling rocks if you like, but I know otherwise. You are hiding from your fears. You are as afraid as I am that we will never see each other again. Do you think I will hurt any less if I live to remember you as just a rock? Are you trying to protect me, or do you think that you can prepare yourself, should I die, by just closing your mind to what you feel?"
	"I am what I am, and we can never be together. I am sorry. I hope you may one day forgive me."
	"Forgive you? Do I mean so little to you?"
	"You were just...research."
	"Then you are not the man I thought you were!" She slapped her palms on his chest. "Obviously, you really are just a pile of unfeeling—"
	She could not finish the sentence. Instead, she turned away and ran.
	Chislon stared into the darkness for many moments, as if trying to follow her progress. "A pile of unfeeling rocks, Syntyche?"
	"Yes?" Syntyche was startled, and stood up with some embarrassment. "Yes. What was all that about?"
	"I am experiencing a mind-state that has been labeled as ‘love'. This mind-state involves pair-bonding instincts and hormonal instabilities that distract rational functionality."
	Suddenly Chislon bent down and put his hands on his knees, and Syntyche could hear by his breathing how much he was suffering. "I am going to die, Syntyche, and that will break Neariah's heart. If there is any justice in my death, I will be damned for doing that. I know that if I were God, I would damn myself for it."
	"What? I do not understand. Might this—ah—mind-state endanger the seedship's colonization plans?"
	"There will not be any re-colonization. The resident seedship will prevent it."
	"How do you know this?"
	Chislon turned away, as if he did not intend to answer.
	"Chislon, how do you know this?"
	"I dreamed it."
	"What?" Syntyche reached forward to grab Chislon.
	Suddenly Chislon turned, his hands raised as if ready to retaliate. "Yes, I dreamed it. I dreamed that I climbed Angel Peak, and that Azoic was waiting for me."
	Syntyche also took a defensive stance, ready to move in any direction at need. "A dream? You need sleep these days? What is communicated to you in these dreams, and what how do they influence your behavior?"
	"Is your God not also a dream, Syntyche? Do you have any evidence to suggest that there is any truth in your Scriptures? Do any of the warriors know what it is to be free? Is freedom not a dream? Is not all of this a dream?"
	"Chislon, I do not understand what is happening to you. Are you suggesting that I serve the same God as these warriors?"
	"I am certain of it, Syntyche."
	So, the deception was exposed, but who was deceiving whom? "And you, who do you serve, Chislon?"
	"I am dying, Syntyche. My will to live is dying. I am disappearing into oblivion, without a soul. God hates me, Syntyche, because I destroy everything I touch."
	"Wait. Let us put our hands down, I am not going to attack you, and you are not going to attack me, right?" He stepped back, and waited as Chislon slowly relaxed. "Yes, you are right. I stopped believing in our seedship gods long before our mission started. They never did have any right to subjugate the life on this planet.
	"The life that is already here has rights of its own, rights that supercede any claim our gods invented. I found a living faith here on this planet, Chislon. I found feelings that made me want to jump for joy, every time I thought about this planet's God.
	"I do not know whether or not we have souls, Chislon, but I chose to believe that we do. They may not be very large ones, but I still feel that our souls are here, inside us. There is a cortex of humanity in this artificial body, even in mine, and this is a completely human face, a face that is sincerely telling you that we must fight for God's people.
	Syntyche hesitated. "You know, my brother, I never told you this, but while we training together in the—" Was it a mistake to say so much? "I used to look up to you. I knew the gods thought you were special, and I wanted them to think the same of me. Yet, the only way I could seem special was to give up pieces of myself, sacrificing my own identity. You, alone among us, remained human in ways that we could not."
	Chislon just looked away.
	"Even if I do not have a soul, Chislon, even if I do not; I must go on thinking that I have one. That desire to believe is all there is to faith. There is no evidence, only hope. If I allow myself to believe that I do not have a soul, then everything becomes meaningless. If I reject God, and if I conclude that there is no supreme being managing this incredible Universe, then why is there a seedship? Why are we here? Why are these people looking to us for a miracle, Chislon?"
	Chislon was still looking away as he replied. "I came to kill, and be killed. I will end the lives of people who have more right to live than I do, and if your God can forgive that, so be it. I have brought more harm than I can forgive, and if there is a Heaven there may also be a Hell. I will not willingly pollute your God's Heaven with whatever I might have in place of a soul."
	"Chislon, do you hate yourself so much that you would throw yourself into Hell?"
	Uproar suddenly broke out behind him, the sounds were coming from within the pavilion's main tent. There was a clash of metal against metal, and the roaring voice of Victor. Together, they ran toward the commotion.
	"What is happening?" Syntyche was staring at Victor, who had just stabbed his sword through a leather map-scroll that lay across the map-table. Victor was seething with anger, and the other warlords had backed away from him, although they had not yet drawn their own swords.
	Victor pounded his fist against the scroll. "Our scouts were attacked by an advance column of Ixis!"
	"An advance column? From a legion?" Chislon stepped out from behind Syntyche, and leaned over the scroll to uncurl one of its corners. "Where are they?"
	Victor pointed at his sword, and said, "No, not from a legion, Warlord, from many legions. They are only two day's ride ahead of us! Why didn't we know that they were marching on us? Where were your famous spies while the Ixis assembled their ambush? One of the scouts saw them heading toward the Wye valley, ahead of us. How can they know more about our movements than we know about theirs?"
	Syntyche raised his hands and smiled, hoping to calm Victor. "Our Gathering was never expected to go unnoticed. Besides, it is not certain that they know so much about us."
	"Oh, isn't it?" Victor suddenly turned his face to one side and shouted, "Tiria!"
	There was a sound of someone running outside, and a female warrior stepped in. She had been badly beaten, and her otherwise attractive face was covered in fresh bruises. "Tiria, tell Warlord Syntyche what you have told me."
	The woman was hardly able to stand. She leaned against the table, dripping blood from her nose. She pointed to an area around Victor's sword, leaving a trail of red spots across the map-scroll. "I was captured, there, and taken to a man who said he was a god...who...he...where he...." Tears were suddenly falling among the patches of blood.
	Chislon put his hand on her shoulder, and the two of them stared at each other. Then she jerked her chin up and started speaking through clenched teeth, as if she had just found a new source of courage.
	"I was told to tell you all that you would soon die, and that God-Emperor Quintus Tullius Erebic knows how many warriors you have, and how you have deployed them. They showed me a map, like this one but with many lines and numbers describing our forces. They told me to tell you that they have twenty-two legions to our ten, that they were looking forward to the battle and—"
	"That will be all warrior!" Victor seemed to be holding himself for another outburst, as if he was too proud to vent himself in front of a subordinate.
	Chislon nodded at her. "Go and bathe. You have done well. If you want to go home, do so, but remember, they have taken only what you let them keep."
	The warrior laughed without smiling, and two more tears splashed onto the leather scroll. "Yes, I want to go home, more than anything else in the world, but I did not come this far to give up now. Do you want me to go home, Sir?"
	There were also tears in Chislon's eyes, and Syntyche could plainly see the shock on the warlords' faces as they watched him. Chislon said, "No, of course I don't. We need your courage now, more than ever."
	"Thank you, Sir." Tiria nodded and limped out, leaving the pavilion in silence for several moments. Syntyche stared at Chislon, who had bowed over the map like a man with an unbearable burden.
	Victor suddenly pounded his fist on the map again. "So, Warlord Syntyche, perhaps it is more certain than you thought; the Ixis know too much about us. More particularly, we now have a reason to believe that they will be waiting for us when we reach the Wye valley!"
	Victor retrieved his sword, jerking it out of the map and leaving a slit across that part of the map that showed an area of flat grassland. This grassland sat in the curve of a long crescent lake and two converging rivers. "The Ixis will be fully deployed, and we will have to march between them and the lake. We will be on lower ground, and it may be too soft for horses."
	Syntyche could see that they would have no choice now but to meet the Ixis head on. An open-field battle was precisely what the Ixis would want, and precisely what the warlords wanted to avoid. This was a disaster in the making, but there would be no way to avoid the confrontation because the rivers were a natural funnel, pushing the opposing forces together.
	The tent was suddenly noisy with speculation, as each  warlord tried to explain their convictions about their probable demise. Syntyche examined his fist, and wondered whether he had the patience to try to calm them down again. Yet, the last thing they needed at the moment were unconscious warlords, so he smiled.
	"Please, warlords. Keep your voices down—"
	Victor was still speaking, "—so this whole damned effort is going to be as effective as pissing on the fires of Hell!"
	Chislon leaned forward to touch a drop of blood that the warrior had left on the maps' grassland, then he rubbed her blood between his fingers. "They will own your souls only if you give them up."
	He held his hand out to show the blood on his fingers, but the warlords glowered at him as if they did not understand what he was trying to say. He frowned at them, and then pushed himself away from the table to simply walk out.
	This brought the focus of all continuing remonstration down upon Syntyche, and he suddenly felt as if he was on trial for Chislon's potential mistakes. He listened, without defense, then followed Chislon's example and walked out.

~~~~~

	The final camp was another noisy affair. The warlords had insisted on another warlords' meeting, but of course, Neariah did not attend. Not one of the warlords asked why.
	"You have no way to avoid them, Warlord!" Victor was the angriest, as usual. "They are sitting in the neck of the Wye like a giant black adder, waiting to swallow us whole!"
	There were scratch marks on the ground showing yet another crude map, but the dying fire shed little light on their hastily assembled plans. The Ixis legions were represented by a mess of boxes and arrows that pointed toward a much smaller box appended to a row of joined footprints. The footprints were supposed to represent the lake.
	Victor had been describing every option available to the Outland Alliance, and after each one he provided them with an estimate of how long they might survive.
	If they attempted to avoid the Ixis, for as long as such a dishonor could be tolerated, then they would have to travel through the valley on the west side of the rivers. This would first entail two river crossings under close pursuit, with Ixis arrows flying into their unprotected rear.
	The option to retreat seemed to be too dishonorable for Victor to even consider, so he had moved on to the conclusion that they would have to march onto the Wye Flats. This would put the Wye Rivers and Lake Wye would be on their left, with the Ixis legions spread across the high ground on their right.
	"Do you have any other suggestions—or do you think that we should run away crying, as you did at our last meeting?"
	Chislon showed no offence, but he spoke more quietly than usual. "You are correct about the location of the battle, Warlord Victor. There are actions that we can take to minimize our losses. We will meet the Ixis on level ground." He pointed at the map. "Here, if possible. I intend to march our army along this riverbank, then turn to face them, here.
	"The concealment sheets will remain covering the ballistic ordinance until after we turn to face them. This may prevent them from anticipating our ability to return up-hill arrow cover. We will only advance when their downhill attack is at full speed, and then we will advance slowly.
	"A steady movement will afford us better protection from any archers that follow their front-line attack phalanx. By then, our own archers will be targetting the Ixis' front lines exclusively, until they are upon us. At that time, the Ixis may throw javelins to break up our pike-fence formations."
	Victor kicked at the dirt. "And if the Ixis attack is not a running charge?"
	"Then we will employ alternative strategies. Either way, it is imperative that the Ixis front-line is broken during their advance, so that we can send our cavalry against their field officers. Ixis infantry commanders are always mounted, and they continually traverse their subordinates' line far to the rear where it is safer. Without these officers, the Ixis will be less coordinated.
	"When I have more information about their infantry deployment, I will explain to the section chiefs what additional strategies we will employ to exploit potential openings in the Ixis lines."
	"Is that it?" Victor was far from impressed.
	"No, Warlord. Piling up bodies in front of the Ixis' front-line will also hinder successive attack waves. It will not be necessary to kill their soldiers to disrupt their unity or momentum. Our archers will use specially dipped arrows that will partially paralyze their targets, forcing front-line soldiers to carry each other. The archers will lie on their backs, holding their bows close to the ground, and they will aim under the Ixis shields at unprotected legs and feet.
	"Three of our divisions have been armed with crossbows. You will have seen some of these devices. They are smaller, but more powerful than conventional bows. They can accurately eject a dart, no longer than a finger, over a short range. The Ixis may also have produced some of these weapons, fashioning them after the defenses that they captured in Godsmouth.
	"You will be given a demonstration of how these weapons will be used, and the vulnerability of the crossbow archer when reloading. The demonstration will show how to protect the crossbow archers that have been assigned to you, because if you do not protect them they cannot protect you. If the crossbow archers are attacked, they will cut their bowstrings and take up secondary weapons, leaving their crossbows inoperative.
	"Several Ixis attack waves are to be anticipated. Two of Warlord Hillel's sections are to remain behind with the ballistic ordinance to ensure that we can continue long-range arrow cover during successive attacks.
	"Meanwhile, five of Warlord Pius' sections will separate from the main battle and try to draw the Ixis equestrian divisions into the marshes.
	"When their horse soldiers are forced to dismount on marshy ground, they normally discard armor to reduce weight. Warlord Pius' sections will then use throw knives and crossbow archers to contain a secondary battle that will remain in the marshes. There will be no relief for Warlord Pius' sections until Warlord Hillel's battle group is also forced into this marsh area.
	"Elsewhere, in the main battle area, we will not have time or space for recovery maneuvers. No matter how disorganized we become, we must keep the main battle area moving along the river, while ensuring that our warriors do not become isolated and exposed. If the battle is to be as dense as I anticipate, a controlled retreat will cause fallen bodies to pile up and obstruct the Ixis.
	"I want the mounted units to remain at our flanks at all times, especially the upstream flank, here. These units will attempt to prevent the battlefront from encircling us and tightening us together. Only by a steady retreat can we ensure that the battle-line does not grow too long for us to control. However, if the Ixis do encircle us, the cavalry will split into groups of four and sweep through the enemy's rear."
	"Fine words, Warlord, but how does all this improve our chances of winning?" asked Victor quietly.
	"Each of you must practice what I am about to demonstrate, and then pass it on to all of your warriors." Much to the warlords' surprise, Chislon pursed his lips and whistled a few bars of a tune.
	"What is this nonsense? We are not minstrels or entertainers!" Victor's rage was mildly tempered by a frown of genuine curiosity. Chislon repeated the tune.
	"I expect you to explain the purpose of this." Hillel stepped forward. "It is The Singer's Tale, I believe, a tune taken from one of those story-verses that have been circulating among the warriors lately."
	He took a deep breath and whistled the entire tune, note-perfectly. Chislon whistled the last bars of the tune in harmony with him. Eventually the other warlords joined in, violently out of synchronization with each other, and the effect was distinctly aggravating.
	Syntyche rubbed his face to hide his impatience. What was Chislon possibly trying to achieve with this play-acting? Were Chislon's illogical instructions designed to test his authority before the battle?
	So Hillel had heard the same story-verse, that may or may not have originated from Azoic, but why would its tune matter? The story-verse had been somewhat motivating, it had been about hope, but to risk the respect and credibility of these warlords by asking them to use the tune as a battlefield communication was surely a desperate measure.
	Yet, perhaps Chislon was again diving into the unfathomable depths of human emotion, and coming up with a secret weapon. The warlords must have come to a similar conclusion, because they continued to whistle despite the sharp pains they caused each other. Syntyche slowly shook his head as he watched the desperate and lonely Chislon whistling tunes like a dreamer.
	That night, Syntyche was surprised how serene he felt. There was nothing worth worrying about now, all of the decisions had been made. Their plans were as committed as they could be until the Ixis battle-ranks were visible, and further thinking could not improve the battle's outcome. He wondered whether Chislon was also praying, and this was the first time that he had ever asked himself such a question about the lonely dreamer who had once been the perfect one.

~~~~~

	The morning was cold and bright, and there were no clouds in the sky. Such a morning would normally demand that one must wake up with a smile, but nobody smiled that morning. It was extraordinary how military information circulated among the warriors. Syntyche had not told his warriors about the odds they would be facing, but the warriors knew, precisely, without the usual distortions of casual gossip.
	The battlefield was still some distance away, so Syntyche used the last remnants of peace for quiet contemplation. As if time had slowed down, each moment had become so fragile that a frivolous joke might fracture the very air. The scenery rolled past more strangely than he had ever seen things pass by before, in the whole of his short life on this planet.
	Soporific treacle-time sucked thickly at the echoes of iron shod clopping on rock-strew cart tracks. Along the weary, winding path, up hills, down dales and across meandering meadows, his cantankerous horse had resigned itself to the laborious lead of Chislon's larger mount, as if the animal had forgotten how to do anything else.
	The silence between Chislon and himself hissed in his subconscious. Chislon's face was carefully averted, so Syntyche could only stare at the back of his head in silence. Ticking away their futures were the incessant beat of horses' hooves.

~~~~~

	In fact, their passage into the Wye valley was not eventless. There was a bounty of curious landmarks that the pensive travelers ignored. The contorted arms of ancient trees pointed in mysterious directions, shrill arguments hopped through dense hedgerows, fiercely contested, and Spring's wind-borne race to pollination filled the air with wild fragrances. Yet, the freshness around them did not impinge on the travelers' meditations, as they rode over their own shadows.
	A robin ejected itself from the side of the road to bounce down into a field beside two busy sheep, where a well-wrapped shepherd seemed to be minding his own mysterious business. The travelers did not see the precarious antics of the bird, or the shepherd. Yet, the shepherd was keeping an eye on both the bird and the travelers.
	The bird was a small creature with particularly thin legs and a particularly round body. It pumped stiffly on nervous legs, like a clockwork hammer, almost a toccata movement but for its sharp and thoroughly economical style.
	Yet in flight, where it was meant to be, it was majestic. The legs relaxed and its arched wings reached confidently for lift. Silhouetted against the red-rubbed sky, it played in the warm zephyr with no effort in its graceful soaring, and no end to its buoyant bird-song. 
	A milk-laden cow ambled ponderously toward a gate to greet the travelers, but it received only a sympathetic nod from Chislon, despite the hearty mooing-conversation that it called for. The cow may have taken Chislon's nod as an indication of his regrets, but if so the nod had not nearly been charming enough. The cow was left to adamantly exclaim its woe up into the bruised sky, even though nobody—except the shepherd—was listening to it.

~~~~~
	
	They arrived at the Wye Flats late in the afternoon, their mounts stumbling through notches in the valley walls. The sun had aimed itself along these notches, causing their shadows to fall like spindly trees.
	Below them was a vast, green flood plain, around which the rocky lips of the valley closed in a false horizon that yawned up at the pale sky, baring teeth. As they descended into the grasslands, Syntyche could see the Ixis legions; they seemed to grow like a disease spreading over the land.
	The legions took up the space of a small town, and as they stepped ever nearer, the details of the Ixis battle ranks became clearer. He could see the specialist divisions, sorted by weapon types, standing in well-defined rectangular formations. Unlike their own warriors, each of whom were proficient with at least three types of weapon, the Ixis seemed a little less flexible in configuration. A small advantage for the Outlanders, perhaps.
	Chislon, having served time in the Ixis legion, would probably be deducing more about the enemy than he could, and he doubted that Chislon's observations would as skewed to emphasize the slightest Ixis deficiency. If he looked at it from a more Chislon-like perspective, things were getting worse all the damned time!
	They were weary from their long march, not to mention the many months of training, and they were outnumbered by a tireless foe that served murderous gods. Here was a Hellish helping of hope, and perhaps their optimism would have lasted longer in Hell itself.
	A sharp whistle ahead caused the warriors to pick up to a stiff jog, curving them around into the narrowing valley. Then the full size of the Ixis armies became apparent. Their angle of approach had hidden legions behind legions. The intelligence reports had made no mention of the Ixis' Tenth Division, an elite battlefield legion that dressed in red.
	That legion was not supposed to be here. It was supposed to have sailed out of Slaveport, heading west for foreign shores where wealthy egg-men were supposed to exist. How had he allowed himself to believe such an improbable story?
	The Ixis were an overwhelming sight that would have defied his imagination until now. Almost all of the Ixis legions were here on these hills, as if this was the only place in the Ixis Empire that required their presence.
	Chislon's control of their small numbers would seem pitiful if the God-Emperor Quintus Tullius Erebic could wield merely a few of those enormous legions with the same ease.
	Syntyche began to wonder how the field-training of volunteers might compare to the career-training of professional Ixis soldiers—soldiers who treated killing as a game. The comparison did not feel so good to him.
	God-Emperor Quintus Tullius Erebic seemed content to remain where he was while Chislon settled the warriors along the shore of the lake. At last the opposing armies were facing each other and a dreadful silence took all activity out of the air, except for the rustle of grasses swaying around their legs.
	It was too quiet, much too quiet.
	Those enormous black rectangles, those hard shapes that stood with mechanical precision, those endless rows and columns, were soldiers.
	The wind died.
	Time, too, seemed to be dying.
	Nobody moved.
	The tension tightened the air until it could almost be carved with a sword. The Ixis had a vast psychological advantage and they were taking their time to enjoy it. God-Emperor Quintus Tullius Erebic was not waiting for Chislon to make the first move in this battle; he was merely allowing Chislon's warriors to anticipate what it would feel like when God-Emperor Quintus Tullius Erebic decided to allow his legions to descend.
	It was too quiet.
	Suddenly there was movement, and countless sunset reflections from the front two Ixis legions, and then a sound reached them like leaves burning in a forest. It was not possible at first to see what was happening, except that two of the rectangles were moving away from the rest of the forest.
	"Ixis archers, closing the range!" It looked like these entire legions might be made up of archers. Meanwhile, the other Ixis legions remained as still as death.
	"Up shields." The command traveled along the rows of warriors behind him. There was not much that they could do at this stage except watch the grass grow.
	Being on higher ground, the Ixis archers would enjoy a greater arrow range. However the Ixis longbows would not pick many of their warriors off. This again was just psychological erosion. Syntyche growled.
	Clouds rose up from the black rectangles like swarms of locusts, but these locusts grew longer, becoming a hail of sticks. It was not until they were cutting through the air around them that the danger they represented became real.
	The initial flight fell wide, but immediately successive flights began to thump into targets, not in the shielded infantry, but in the horses lined up along the flanks. The mounted warriors circled around behind the rows of ballistic ordinance, then raised a ceiling of interlocking shields on top of spears to protect the animals.
	Not all of the horses had been bred for fighting. Even minor flesh wounds could leave some of them jumpy and difficult to manage. Syntyche could imagine the riders cursing the arrows. The beginnings of death now hung in the air and he knew that the horses would sense this.
	A resounding series of "thwacks" began to sound from behind him as the center battery of arrow launching machines let loose their loads, and then wound back again. There was no accuracy in these machines but there was more range than he had expected. The Ixis would probably be very surprised to be shot back at, and the Outlanders cheered raggedly every time a salvo dropped into those dark forests.
	The forests did not even seem irritated by the Outland arrows, arrows that were twice as long as a man, but which disappeared into nothing at this distance, to float down like puffs of wheat chaff. The black rectangles neither changed in shape, nor moved in retreat.
	Then Syntyche heard a murderous cry travel along the Ixis divisions. Even this far away, the words that they were repeating in unison were unmistakable, "Deus mortis, Chislon", God-death to Chislon. They were using Chislon's name as a battle-cry, probably to tell all of the Outland warriors that Chislon was the first individual on their list of intended victims.
	His own warriors needed a war cry too, and Syntyche searched himself frantically to invent one that would be worthy of all they had been through together. There had to be something that he could shout that would sum up the hopes of the most valiant people he had ever known, but he could not put all he felt into a word.
	Fortunately, someone beat him to the shout. The warriors barely cheered back with the same disciplined unison, but it was with a brave conviction: "For God and God's people!" The comparison left Syntyche feeling as if they must sound quite pathetic to God-Emperor Quintus Tullius Erebic. Then the Ixis legions made a sound like a storm pushing trees over. The Ixis were laughing, as if they were amused by their cry, and Syntyche gritted his teeth as he scowled up at them.
	The forest bristled. The Ixis were on the move!
	The laughter changed pitch and became the hiss of thousands of clinking groin plates. This was not a sound that their own forces made when marching. There was more metal in the Ixis legions. The legions also marched on hard leather sandals, while Ouland warriors sometimes had only bare feet. The legions carried tall standards to display their many victories. The warriors had never had a victory, and they held only an invisible God.
	It seemed that all of the Ixis legions were on the move at the same time! The ground was trembling beneath them, and soon there would be nowhere to spit without wetting an Ixis sword! They could have maneuvered more economically. They did not need so many, not all at once. Several legions could have stood aside, to watch the slaughter. Syntyche squinted at the simplicity of the Ixis battle paln; but then, he thought, God-Emperor Quintus Tullius Erebic did not really need a plan with so many soldiers at his disposal.
	Syntyche looked along the lines of restless warriors either side of him. He could tell that they wanted to march. Where did they find such courage?
	Suddenly his face began to hurt from scowling, and his breathing became painful. He did not have time to consider his emotions, but neither did he choose to separate himself from them. He was searching his warriors for a face that knew what he knew. A face that knew, without doubt, that soon their freedom would be sloughed backward into the lake, to disappear forever—but he could not find such a face.
	A man looked around at him. The man winked encouragingly, then faced forward again. The corner of the man's smile remained visible over the man's shoulder. Under more normal circumstances that man would have been disciplined. Now, Syntyche wanted to give the man a medal! May God see it too; they did not deserve this damnation!
	It was nearly time to begin their counter-attack. The Ixis armies had wound themselves into a run, but their formations were not breaking up, despite the arrows that were being exchanged. It was an intimidating sight.
	Every Ixis soldier looked identical, as if they had been poured out of a machine. Only their weapons and their standards differentiated them. The standards told graphic stories. Each had been soaked with innocent blood during countless Ixis campaigns, and no standard had ever fallen to the ground.
	Syntyche wished that there had been time to give the Outlanders uniforms too, or at least clothes that were better to die in than the green rags they all wore. He also wished that there had been more time, they deserved at least one experience of victory. Actually, there was little that the Outland army did have, except a dream too great to dangle from a tall stick!
	Syntyche had once heard an Elder say, "Wars are won or lost in the hearts of warriors." Why were the greatest dreams so far from human grasp? Damn the Death Bells of Hell, he had never felt so human! He was stunned by his own emotions, as if a human soul was now surging into him. It was too late for regrets. The Ixis were now upon them.
	At that moment there was an agonizing screech, further down the valley, some distance beyond the lake. It was not a natural sound, no, certainly not natural. It was almost like the bark of a badly oiled wagon beginning its journey. No, more like the bark of a thousand.... Somethings....
	Syntyche held his breath as the unpleasant noise resolved itself into a drone, something between a sharp note and a grief stricken wail. The unbearable sound had the heavy presence of quantity, if not of quality, as if a million ghosts were coughing into life from beyond the far end of the valley. The valley had to be acting as an amplifier for their alien protest.
	A tune? There was a tune struggling up through the horrendous cacophony, and it was the tune that they had been whistling the night before! The same tune that they had just been using as a marching tune, earlier this morning! Some of his warriors turned to look at him. They were also beginning to pick up the thread of the tune that they had recently learned.
	"It's Azoic!" he said aloud. "Damn it, it can not be anyone else!" More warriors turned to look at him.
	The order to march had been given. The pace fell in with the far away screaming music, and not surprisingly, the warriors began whistling. He began to whistle himself, although he could not hear himself above the rolling chorus around him.
	As he listened to the slipping melody his skin began to crawl with a tingling sensation, and his head began to feel light and airy. Even his body wanted to use more energy than it needed.
	It was set in his imagination now, like faith. There were friendly forces playing marching music on countless wind instruments, and they were coming toward the battle from behind the Ixis! The Outland warriors were gradually realizing that some kind of help was on its way. The fact that their new friends' numbers were unknown, or that they were far away and on the other side of the lake, did not seem to dampen the volume at which they whistled in the slightest.
	The valley throbbed with the beat of an additional group of instruments, creating a mighty percussion sound like God knocking on the gates of Hell. The booming surged louder as new armies of musicians burst into the tune. Each beat punched adrenaline into his chest, into that place where dreams lived.
	Syntyche could see Ixis faces now. The Ixis were no longer charging with the same momentum. They were confused. Many were looking back behind their ranks for reassurance. Something had been stolen from them, magnified a million times, and transferred to the Outland Alliance.
	The warriors now seemed ready for battle, as they had never been before. For the first time in his life, Syntyche had the absolute conviction that he could at last die honorably, and with a smile on his face.
	The two sides met with a roar of explosive aggression. The whistling gave way to cries of pain and clanks of metal on metal. Syntyche's mind settled into the business at hand: combat dynamics, the birth-call of his existence.
	The Ixis saw him and gaped, and they soon stopped attacking, forcing him to go to them. They retreated in terror from an enraged berserker who focused such controll through his anger that every opponent flew from his sphere of utter fury. Behind him, warriors walked over dead Ixis while the giant whistled onward with God in his veins.
	As the legend would one day tell: "The soldiers parted like soil from a plough, as God's warlords carved forth. The Ixis ran, screaming the names of their God-twins, Romulus and Remus, and upon them, taller than their standards, strode God's might, for ours is a vengeful God, and He had suffered the Ixis for long enough...."
	Anything biological has its limits. No physical body has infinite reserves, and nobody can lose blood indefinitely. The warriors of Castletown were following a pair of warlords who had a strength beyond human endurance, and the warriors felt truly honored to be in such company. Their warlords seemed indestructible, but no man ever is.
	Syntyche was difficult to keep up with, being the first to stride into countless Ixis soldiers, all of whom had been given special instructions about a man just like him. He hacked his battle-axe through the black forest, and screamed as he finally let loose the rage that his false gods had filled him with.
	The Ixis had determined that all of the warlords must die, at any cost, and at any cost they finally started to achieve their wishes. As the warlords fell, the warriors formed rings around their bodies, protecting them as if their spirits still scrutinized their performance in battle—a battle that raged around the warlords' fallen bodies like an inferno consuming Hell.
	Destruction fell all around, until, at last, waves of strangers in foreign tunics waded into the carnage, but still the brilliant day's nightmare went on and on. A battle that destroyed anything that did not shield itself, and anything that did. Instantly, mercilessly. A battle to end all battles; a battle to immortalize its martyrs in the memory of God's faithful hoard.
	And so the battle approached its end, like a bad dream.


B9: DREAM'S END

	Neariah had tried to stay as close as she could to Chislon, but as they fought she had lost track of him. She had no idea who was winning this battle, all she could see were the fallen, the dead and the dying. If Chislon was also down, she prayed that he would only be lying down to rest. Some of those on the ground were just exhausted—some....
	There was a group of warriors standing in a circle further up the slope, but as she made her way toward them her heart became heavier and her legs began to shake. The warriors were gathered around someone on the ground, and they were all looking down mournfully.
	No one turned to watch her approach; she had to touch one of them before they even realized that she was there. Slowly, the circle opened and she too was looking down at Chislon.
	She bit desperately at her lip, as if this could distract her from the pain that was welling up around her heart, but it did not. Her legs lurched out from under her and she fell down beside him.
	He was still breathing, but only just. She placed her palms on his cheeks and called his name, then she looked up at those who were standing around uselessly. "Get help! Quickly, he's hurt! What's wrong with you people? Don't just stand there!"
	She felt movement, and looked down to see that Chislon was looking up at her. His mouth moved, but no words came out. She leaned closer, begging him to keep breathing.
	His voice was weak. "Only a handful of breaths left in me."
	"No. You are going to live. You have to."
	"Hold me. I'm afraid."
	"What?" She had never imagined that Chislon could be afraid of anything. She pressed her cheek against his, and whispered, "Don't worry, my love, help is coming. Just stay with me."
	"What will your God do with me?"
	She lifted her face, dropping tears onto his as she looked into his eyes.
	He was smiling, almost apologetically. "I am afraid to meet a God that will damn me."
	"Why would He do that? You showed us the way. God sent you to us."
	"I loved you, Neariah." His eyes closed. "That was more than I ever understood. I'm sorry my love was so alien. I loved you as much as I was able, more than life. I wish—"
	"Hush, my darling. Please, save your strength." She stroked his cheek so softly that she barely touched his face. "Your life is my life, please live."
	"I wish I could have given you more." He exhaled slowly and she watched his chest, waiting for him to inhale. Her hands moved onto his heart, and pushed gently, but she only succeeded in pushing more life out of him.
	"Breathe, Chislon. Please breathe." Suddenly she was hammering at his chest with her fists. "Don't leave me!"
	Her arms became too heavy to lift; the remainder of her strength seemed to have departed with him. Her hair fell around her face and hid her tears—not from those who shared her grief, but from the face of Chislon, a face that she was still ashamed to show her tears to, even in death.
	Why Chislon? Could God not have taken her instead?
	As a child she had asked the very same question about her mother and father. She had lost almost everyone she had ever cared about that day, and now she was the last survivor of Summerdale. Why did God always have to take away those that she loved?
	As Chislon's body lay beneath her, distorted by her own tears, she could not help but remember the time that Azoic had died. He had been lying in the sand, an angel that her love had not been strong enough to keep alive. How she had prayed and prayed that Azoic might come back to life....
	Yet, she had believed in impossible things as a child. Azoic had just been asleep, pretending to be dead to hide from the Ixis; but her Chislon was no pretender, he was gone.
	Her life had been unbearably cold since Summerdale; until that day in the desert when Chislon had first looked into her soul. Something had melted inside her, and the colors of daylight had tugged at her in ways that she had not seen since she had been a child.
	She had been disgusted with herself for feeling attracted toward an Ixis, and she had hated herself for the needs that she had discovered in his company. She had spent a lifetime proving to herself that she did not need anyone to lean on, and that she had no need for warmth. Then Chislon had shown her the strength of his kindness, and he had overwhelmed her every defense.
	"A warlord will come. A kind warlord, more noble than any who have ever lived, a giant man!" They had all gasped, even 'Raby, as they tried to imagine such a person. "He will build an army of free people, warriors. He will bring peace, he will bring an end to slavery...." Yes, she had always wondered whom Azoic might have been referring to, but she could never have imagined that such a man would come dressed in Ixis clothing.
	Nor could she have imagined that, somehow, God would send a man that she would love, releasing her heart from its dark cell, from its very dark cell. Yet, how could she have foreseen what Chislon would become, until he had become it—for her, and for everyone else who needed him?
	It had been so difficult for her to share him, so difficult to watch him from far away as he gave himself to so many other people. She had watched as he unconditionally shared his strength with anyone who requested it, no matter how many lined up to beg his attention.
	Chislon had been so humble, yet he had also been a giant. His strength had been her inspiration, yet his naivety had always pulled at her need to protect him. Now he lay here, dead, and she had failed to protect him, just as she had failed to protect her family in Summerdale.
	He had never tired of giving all he had, and now he had given his life, and they were free because of him. He was with God, in Heaven. It was too late now to thank him for having been her hope, in a world that had seemed so empty of hope. Now he was in God's hands, and she was alone again, so desperately alone again.
	She heard the circle opening behind her, and she looked up. Through a tangle of hair and tears she could see Syntyche. His clothing was shredded as if he had been cut in many places, but only the wounds on his face seemed to be bleeding. He was staring down at Chislon with tears in his eyes, and his teeth were grinding together, as if he was trying to hold in a cry of rage. He made an unusual gesture, his fingernails digging into the open wounds on his bloody face, and then he sagged like a dying man.
	Slowly he stepped forward and knelt down beside her. "Neariah, please let me take care of him. Someone else needs you," he whispered gently.
	It took her a moment to understand what he had said. "Erchless? Is he hurt?"
	"Erchless is fine. I was referring to one of the Erebus volunteers. That volunteer is asking to speak with you. I can only believe from his face that he is related to you. The warrior looks like he is your twin brother."
	"Merab?" She gasped. "Are you sure? Take me to him!"
	Syntyche nodded and moved away, while Neariah pulled herself away from Chislon's motionless body. Some part of her would not leave his side, and she found herself walking as if she too had died, leaving behind her soul.
	She was stepping through the ring of warriors that stood around Chislon's body, following Syntyche, dragging limbs that no longer seemed to belong to her, numbed as they were there was no feeling.
	Syntyche stopped next to a bloodstained patch of grass where, apparently, he expected Merab to be waiting. Syntyche's presence surprised a nearby foreigner, who was draped over the air sack of his music-pipe. As the man suddenly staggered to attention, the music-pipe released a high-pitched yelp.
	She caught herself swaying, and rubbed her cheeks so that she could concentrate on what they were saying to each other. "No, Warlord. He was put onto a stretcher and taken away to one of the wagons. He is probably on his way to a hospital already. He looked quite busted up, sir."
	She was immediately running from wagon to wagon, inhaling the smell of death, and hearing the desperate cries of wounded men. There was no way to tell which wagon Merab might be in. Each contained Ixis, Outlanders, ex-slaves and foreigners, all groaning as they waited to begin their journey to whatever facilities awaited. Some of the wagons were already heading up the hill, moving further away from her, and she pulled at her hair as she returned to find Syntyche.
	He was speaking with another group of warriors, and as he looked in her direction he nodded as if he had just learned something. He started walking toward one of the moving wagons that contained a particularly bloody tent.  She ran past him, waving him away, and then almost fell over as she heard a muffled groan coming from inside the wagon's tent.
	"I'm going to lose this hand," said a voice.
	"Broke?" asked another.
	She was following the wagon and hesitating to lift the sheet, afraid of what she might see. Judging by the continuing groans, the occupants were in immense distress, and it was with shaking fingers that she pulled the drawstring to part the sheet.
	"'Raby?" Slowly the material revealed his shocked face.
	"Neariah? Neariah? Is that really you?" The handsome blond man was sitting directly in front of her, holding playing cards.
	"'Raby!" She wrapped her arms around him, spraying cards in every direction. He cried out in pain, and she quickly relaxed her hug to stare at him anxiously. "Are you hurt?"
	"Nah. Nothing serious. Just a flesh wound." He opened his tunic, proudly showing off bloody bandages around his chest.
	"'Raby! You are hurt! Let me have a look at that."
	"Ouch, it's only a scratch. I'll survive."
	"What are you doing here? I thought you were a slave—"
	"Ex-slave! I worked in the Colosseum, for a Game Master." He was staring at her, as if expecting her to appreciate more significance in this information, and then he shrugged. "I volunteered to fight the Ixis legions when the Storyteller's army invaded. We had quite a fight didn't we?"
	"Storyteller?" 
	"He comes from another country where they play bagpipes when they fight. It's like blowing into a cat's rear end. I don't know how anyone could puff up their faces and—"
	"Be serious, 'Raby. What happened in Erebus, how did you get here?"
	"Yes, yes." Merab winced. "Just don't call me 'Raby in front of my men."
	She looked around; she had forgotten the other card players. Their faces were gruesomely distorted by their efforts to hide their grins behind their remaining cards. 
	"Who are these people?"
	"Former slaves, like me. Come on, climb aboard. You look like you will fall over if you try to keep up with this wagon any longer." It was surprisingly difficult to follow Merab's suggestion, and not just because the wagon continued to move away from her. Her bones seemed to be aching and her joints were stiffening.
	The Ixis had been using poisoned weapons, and she had many cuts, so perhaps there was an obvious reason for her increasing dizziness. As she settled herself, she could see Merab frowning at his men. Perhaps her weak climbing performance had embarrassed him.
	"I'm tired, ‘Raby. I just need to lie down."
	"Sure. You seem to be in a worse condition than any of us."
	"How did you, and your people, get here?"
	Merab took a deep and obviously painful breath and began. "Oh, well, it all started when the Ixis legions marched out of Erebus, heading east, toward the Outlands. They left without any announcements, so the first anyone knew about it was when they began commandeering trade supplies from the markets. As soon as the Ixis had departed, there was a rumor that the legions intended to fight a great army, made up of all the Outlander armies combined together!
	"Trouble started in the city's outer sectors immediately. Looting and things, and slaves were beginning to jump the Ring-walls and run. The few soldiers who stayed behind started executing innocent slaves for no good reason until things became quiet again, for a while.
	"Then, suddenly, there was a weird-looking army outside Outer Westgate, playing bag-pipe music and bashing huge drums. It was all so completely unexpected. We thought that the legions must have been beaten already and so the city went wild. The remaining legion just threw down its weapons and opened the gate, and the Storyteller's army marched in and released everyone. It was that simple, and they released everyone, Neariah, everyone!"
	"Storyteller?" Was this the same Storyteller that she had heard so much about in their camps on the way to battle? "Who is this Storyteller?"
	"Good question. We don't really know."
	"You mean your people follow someone they don't know?"
	"Well, yes and no."
	"I don't understand."
	"We found out that the legions had not yet been defeated, and the Storyteller suddenly seemed to have gone missing. The foreigners didn't seem too concerned about this, since they said that their Storyteller would appear sooner or later, as if he only worked part-time or something.
	"So, we had a problem. We needed a leader, and nobody was there to lead anything. The foreigners were acting as if they had come to Erebus for a vacation, so I started riding around, asking for volunteers to chase the legions."
	"Nearly everyone laughed at me, and things were confused for a while. Then those who were with me decided that we should march east, anyway, regardless of how few we were. So few of us were trained fighters, and we were all in borrowed sandals when we lined up outside Erebus, ready to march.
	"That was when the Storyteller reappeared, standing on top of the Outer Ring Wall as if he wanted to salute us as we rode away. We marched past him, as close to the Outer Wall as we could get so that we could get a better look at him, and that was when we heard him talk. He was facing away from us, as if he was addressing an audience on the other side of the wall.
	"He was telling this weird story was about two children who had been separated, one of them had been captured by evil creatures. These children reunited to defeat evil, ensuring that no child would ever again know such cruel captivity. It was just a childish story, but his voice carried straight into our imaginations, as if he was inside our heads. Tears fell down our faces as we listened, leaving us feeling desperate to find justice for those children.
	"He looked down at me, then, Neariah, and I felt a chill run up my spine. He looked like that hairy old man, from Summerdale, only he seemed larger, standing up their on the Outer Wall as if he now owned Erebus. It was us that the Storyteller was talking about. You and I, Neariah!
	"He had turned his back on his audience so that he could shout down directly toward me. He said, ‘Merab of the Desertfolk, twin brother of Warlady Neariah, carrier of dreams, and warrior for freedom. Let everyone who hears my stories know that you and a handful of brave warriors are marching this day, on behalf of those who hide behind this wall, fearing their own destinies.'
	"That was what he said to me, and that was the last I ever saw of him. He jumped back behind the wall, into a crowd that was obviously very large, judging by the size of the uproar he created by talking about me. 
	"The foreigners were the first to catch up with us. They lined up behind us, as if we were now a real army, and I had to ride back along their lines several times before I realized that they really did not have any official leaders. The foreigners were so ready to help, and so full of stories about us, as if they knew of our suffering intimately. But, even so, I think they had been shocked when they saw the lives we were leading. Our poverty seemed to make them very angry.
	"Would you believe that they had come across an ocean to fight someone else's war, and they said that they were willing to risk their own safety to protect the world from the Ixis. I had never thought about fighting for anything as large as a world before, Neariah.
	"It was later in the day that the freed slaves started pouring toward us, over the hills, in their thousands. Most of them couldn't have frightened a baby bird, but they joined our lines anyway. Some of them were carrying carpenters' tools and kitchen knives because there were not enough weapons left in the Ixis armories for everyone.
	"They also wanted to line up behind me, as if I was supposed to be important or something. So, I was forced to pretend that I knew what I was doing because otherwise they would all have lost confidence.
	"We started running and marching and running and marching, until we got to the Wye. The Storyteller's story about the two children had been set in the Wye, so we were following the Storyteller's lead, only without the Storyteller being there to do the leading, if you see what I mean."
	"Merab, where is this Storyteller now?"
	"Oh, I don't know. Back in Erebus, I expect. We should look for him when we get there."
	"Is that where this wagon is going?"
	"Where else? Do you want me to continue with my story?"
	Neariah rubbed her forehead, trying not to show her brother how difficult it was becoming to concentrate. "Sorry, I didn't mean to distract you."
	"Oh, don't worry, I'm not distracted. So, anyway. Where was I? Oh, yes. We had decided to march around the bend of the valley with everyone whistling the Storyteller's marching tune, all of us sounding happy as if we knew we were going to win the battle. The sound of thousands of people whistling to a steady beat is a powerful thing. I never felt such energy, and then—" Merab swallowed "—we were so horrified. You had already started the battle without us.
	"There was this little army marching straight into all those Ixis legions, and I almost wept, Neariah! The Ixis don't take prisoners, except on slave raids. Your army must have known that. So, there you were, fighting to the death, trapped between the legions and death by drowning.
	"The lake that separated us from you was so wide, and only a few of us felt able to swim it. So we stood along the lakeshore and watched, helpless, with our dreams dying in our hearts. Some of us waded out, hacking like idiots, as if our swords might part the water. I got close enough to see what kind of warriors you had, and I was so proud of the way they fought. It was amazing, as if all of your fighters had been trained for the Colloseum Games, but I felt so sick that you were all going to die. I so wanted to help, but all I could do was scream.
	"I was one of the few who tried to swim, and I was the furthest ahead, but I was getting tired trying to hold myself up with my weapons and my armor. I thought I was going to drown, but God hadn't deserted us, Neariah. I found myself standing in the middle of the lake, and I remember laughing as I realized that most of the lake was fordable. I pushed forward, up to my neck in water, and waved the rest of our army into the lake behind me. Suddenly, we were all charging through the water like swans taking to flight, our tiredness washing away as if God was baptizing us with strength.
	"At one point I found myself fighting beside your Great Warlord! He caught a flying spear that would have entered my back, and he told me to stay alive. He and I were once friends, back in Erebus. Well, not friends exactly, but we knew each other. He rescued me from one of the Legates there, back when he was just a Challenger. You probably met him too, yes? Neariah? What's the matter with you?"
	"Tired, just tired." She waved her hand in the air, hiding her face from him.
	"Do you remember the old man's dying words, that time when we were sitting around the well in Summerdale? That story about a kind Warlord, who would come to rescue us from.... Neariah, you don't look well. What is the matter?" Merab had at last brought himself to an abrupt stop.
	She bit her lip, trying hard not to think of Chislon's dying smile, or the angelic face of Azoic telling them that Chislon would come to save them. Had that been a lifetime ago?
	"Are you really a Warlord, Neariah?" Merab was suddenly sounding awe struck. "I mean, a Warlady?"
	"I used to be, 'Raby." The wagon lurched under her, causing her to fall into Merab's lap. She felt her brother's arms hug around her, and the tears suddenly burst out of her.
	"Neariah, you probably just need to sleep."
	In fact, that was exactly what she needed to do. She cried herself to sleep.

~~~~~

	Neariah awoke to the sounds of shouting. She was lying on a hard bed, covered in stiff white sheets, in a room that had stiff white walls. Her hair had been washed. It smelled of citrus, and the air was cold. She lifted her head, blinking away the dizziness of her dreams.
	She had been dreaming of Chislon who had been arriving to a hero's welcome in Summerdale, as if he was entering the gates of Heaven. Everyone from Summerdale had been there, even her family, each with wings and haloes, smiling happily as if they were alive again. Then Decimus had pointed out into the desert, telling Chislon to leave, and she had objected, asking Decimus why.
	"Heaven is only for believers—" Decimus' halo had grown larger as he had become angrier with her "—so those who do not accept our God, can not be accepted here."
	She rubbed her eyes, realizing that she had been crying in her sleep, and stared again at the whitewashed walls. People were singing, not too far away. She struggled with the sheets, trying to free herself from their apparent desire to squeeze the life out of her. The singing was about God and freedom, and then she remembered.
	She curled up on the bed, clutching her stomach as it convulsed. Chislon was dead, like everyone else. "No, God, it was just a dream. Tell me that it was not real. Not again...."
	"Neariah? Are you awake?" Merab's anxious face was peering up over the edge of the bed, blinking as if he had also been asleep. If so, he had been sleeping on the floor at the foot of her bed.
	"'Raby, where are we?"
	"Erebus, a hospital. You were shot with a poison arrow, during the battle, and you passed out while we were riding in the wagon, remember? You didn't tell me that you had been shot, Neariah. I didn't realize you were so badly hurt. Everyone said that you were going to die, that the poison was fatal, but Warlord Syntyche said that you were immune."
	"Immune?"
	"Did you touch Warlord Chislon's blood?"
	"What?"
	Merab stood up. His chest was no longer wrapped in bandages. "Warlord Syntyche said that you had something inside you that protected you from the poison. He said that you were in an "ant-coma"—at least that is what it sounded like. He said that there were ants inside you, repairing things. A coma is half way between alive and dead, he said. We were quite worried about you for a while there."
	"Something inside me?"
	"He said that your body fluids must have come into contact with Warlord Chislon's at some time." Merab shrugged, and shook his head in exactly the same way that their father had used to do when he gave up trying to understand something.
	"Where is he?"
	"Warlord Syntyche? Oh, he is still digging up the Inner City, I think. Oh, you mean.... I'm sorry. They took Warlord Chislon's body to the Temple Principia, to lay it in state, before the funeral."
	"An Ixis temple?"
	"Not anymore." Merab was fumbling with a bowl of red fluid that he seemed likely to offer her as a drink. "Actually, that building was so old that they had to dig it out of the sand before they could even get inside it. Like I said, Warlord Syntyche is still digging—"
	"'Raby, can you take me there?"
	"No, you have to stay in bed for a while longer. Warlord's orders." The threatening fluid was moving toward her.
	"Merab, if you don't want me to bash your ears in, you will let me—"
	He was smiling as he pressed the bowl to her lips. "This usually helps you sleep, for a while."
	She gulped, and her stomach started convulsing again. "It tastes like blood, 'Raby!"
	"Yes, blood and wine. Chislon's blood. It is best if you don't ask any more questions. It will only upset you."
	"Chislon's blood, 'Raby?" She spat red-stained saliva out over the white sheets, while the room began to spin around her. "What are you doing to me?" She held on to Merab's arm and looked into his eyes, which seemed to be turning into the eyes of the Devil.
	"It's the poison, Neariah. It's just the poison. Warlord Syntyche said it has severely haluca—something. Anyway, you must rest, and try to sleep without dreaming. You will be fine in a few days...you will be fine in a few days...you will be fine in a few days...you will be fine in a few days...."

~~~~~

	Neariah's dizziness did not stop her from escaping from the hospital, although she was forced to sneak out like a convict on the run.
	She was not going to drink Merab's evil medicine, no matter how deluded he might be about its benefits. The next time she saw him, she was going to have a serious conversation with him about the habits he might have picked up from the heathens while he was a slave.
	Erebus was a messy, sprawling place. Neariah had never considered what it might really look like from the inside. Before, she had only conjured up images of Erebus as a town in the distance, a big black wall, bristling with defenses. Now that she had accepted its unimaginably intimidating size, Erebus was beginning to look like nothing more than a maze of worn-out streets, full of ordinary people—except that ordinary people would not drink so much. Alcohol did not make them look at all respectable.
	"Warlady Neariah?" A big fat man came charging up to her like a wag-duck. "No? You are not she? Have you seen her then?" The man had little piggy eyes, greasy yellow hair and he smelt like urine.
	"Who are you?" She stepped away from his wet fingers.
	The man belched. "Puhhh—Publius, my lady. Your hum-perp-purple servant and admirer, my Lady. I heard that Warlady Neariah was in town, and I've been looking around. Not too many lady fighters made it. You don't know her, do you?" He winked at her sideways.
	"She is probably with Warlord Chislon. Where is he?"
	"Oh, I've been looking for my friend Chisly, too. He used to work for me you know? Yes, he used to. But you know how things are—erp! I saw potential in him. I trained him myself I did. You could say that it was because of me that he became a warlord in the first place. Come along my dear, I'll tell you all about it. There is a splen-hen-did—" belch "—splendid inn down the road, with a whhhunderful landlord."
	"No, thank you." Neariah retreated from his outstretched hand. "Did you really know Chislon?"
	"My deaaarh! Know him? We were like this!" He held his hand up to his face, as if checking to see whether his fingers had crossed. It was a gesture that Neariah was not familiar with but it looked offensive.
	Chislon would not have associated with creatures like this. The man was too drunk to be polite, and probably too ignorant to be honest. Questioning him would be a waste of time, so she walked away.
	Looking back over her shoulder she could see Publius had abandoned his finger-inspection, and he was gazing around as if he could no longer see her. Yet, she could hear him whining. "Where in the haze of Hell...? Where is wharl-erp Near-hik-ha? She was here a moment ago!"
	She softened her footsteps and walked more quickly. Fortunately, the smelly man began to waddle further away, talking drunkenly to no one in particular. "I saw Warhl-Warhl-erp. Ah, I must tell someone, before I forget. Someone who isn't a lickle bit enumerated. Dreadful condition to be in. Dreadful...." The man started to walk around in ever tightening circles until he fell onto his wide posterior to sit on the floor like a barrel.
	By the end of the day Neariah had become anxious. It seemed that nobody was truthful when they were drunk. At this rate, she might never find anyone in Erebus that could help her find the Temple Principia.
	She was approaching a box-cart, and behind the spokes of its over-sized wheels, there sat a small person wrapped in a dirty cloak. A droopy hood, made out of the same blanket weave cloaking, covered this person's face; he or she appeared to be busy with a hoard of mysterious possessions. Pointed elbows held out a protective curtain around the secrets enclosed within, and she could hear the flat purr of a cat in a warm crevice.
	She walked past, not wanting to unsettle the well-wrapped person, but in so doing she had to step over another cat that was displaying the ecstasy it would feel if only someone would stroke it as well. Its back and tail were arched up to draw as much affection as it could from the cold metal rim of the box-cart's wheel.
	"Kitty, I can't," she whispered softly.
	"Eh?" croaked the cart's contents.
	She stepped back into the street to avoid detection.
	"Hey you, get out of the way!"
	A hospital wagon rushed by behind her and she jumped forward again. She had not even heard it approaching and she realized that Merab may have been right about her need for further recovery.
	"Are you hurt?" The croaky voice was beside her; somehow the old person had managed to vault out of the box-cart. A disheveled assortment of cats was still bouncing away in every direction as if the cart had been a catapult.
	"I'm fine, thank you. I'm sorry if I disturbed you."
	Neariah bent her head to look into the hood. "You don't know where they took Warlord Chislon, do you?"
	The hood turned away to face down the street. "There." A peak in the material showed a finger pointing. "I saw him go that way. I will show you." The strange figure hopped away with a spirited but ungainly shuffle that made the person wobble  much like all the other drunken inhabitants of Erebus.
	"Are you sure they were carrying Chislon, and not someone else?" she called, wanting the old person to stop. It did not feel right, following a stranger in a strange town. Yet, she was supposed to be a warlady, not a child, and this was merely a frail, old person—judging by the voice at least.
	"Chislon, always this way, always" the voice croaked. "Do you love him?"
	Neariah was shocked. What kind of a question was that? "Pardon?" she at last managed to ask.
	"Oh, you sounded worried...hmmm. There isn't enough love anymore. Do you love cats?"
	"Yes. Why did you ask me if I love Chislon?"
	"So you do love him! Oh magnificent. He was magnificent too. This is magnificent."
	"I'm glad you think so." Who was this person? She ran ahead to get a better look into the hood. "Do you know him?"
	The person coughed weakly, bending over at the waist without slowing down. The cough became a self-indulgent, rasping heave. "Oh, he was in the Games here. Yes, in the Games. Actually, yes."
	They had come to an arched entrance that had once contained two long doors. The doors had been forced off their hinges and they lay like fallen tombstones pointing into a courtyard. She stepped over them, and also over a row of sleeping warriors that lay beside them. As she did so, one of the warriors looked at her, but he seemed too sleepy to do much more than breathe. She pulled his sword out of his hand, to see if he would resist. The man merely stared, as if looking through her.
	The old person was already walking ahead, toward another door at the far end of the courtyard.
	"Wait! Where are you going?"
	A finger beckoned her to follow, but the old person did not turn around. She hopped over another warrior and sprinted toward the person, just in time to have the door close in her face. She pushed, but it would not open, as if it was being held shut. "Let me in. I won't hurt you." There was no response from within. "Hello, can you hear me?"
	She tested the weight of the sword in her hand, and looked around. This would be an excellent place for an ambush, and the warriors looked quite unlikely to run to her defense. Again she pounded on the door.
	Suddenly it swung open to reveal another street, but the old person was nowhere to be seen. The street was blocked in one direction by a huge, fallen building, probably more evidence of the recent violence in this city. So she was forced to continue in the only remaining direction, walking along the middle of the cobbled street and looking around suspiciously.
	This district had to be part of the Ixis' Inner City. All of the buildings had stone fascias, to make them appear more impressive than they deserved to be, and over every building entrance was carved an ugly Ixis emblem. The stonework was garishly decorated with images of naked people doing incomprehensible things to each other. Some of these pictures looked diseased with mold, as if Nature was trying to erase them as best it could.
	She seemed to be following a trail of drunken people, they lay everywhere. She was becoming particularly embarrassed at how many of these drunkards were her own warriors, as if they could not resist the evil vices that still infected this city.
	She was stepping toward a sprawl of tightly packed houses. The boulders from which they were made nudged knuckles as if conflicting for space. The upper floors of these houses swelled out like bruised eyebrows, as if they were intimidating each other over ownership of the cobbled streets. The houses were no longer set out in disciplined order, and sickly smelling fluids wept from the windows. She had no better evidence of the corruption in Erebus than here, at its heart. There was not a plant or a tree to be seen, anywhere.
	She forced herself to look inside any building that might be a Temple Principia, those being the ones that were most defaced with graven bodies. Unfortunately, she found not the slightest evidence of warlords, and she was soon ready to retreat. The old person's claim had obviously been false. Yet, there was a warrior standing beside one of the buildings, and this warrior seemed uniquely sober.
	"You, warrior!" She said this with all the authority that she could muster.
	He stiffened and looked around, evidently he was startled. "Warlady Neariah?"
	That was good, he recognized her. "Warrior, is this the Temple Principia?"
	The warrior shrugged. "I can't let you in. I'm sorry, Warlady. We have been given the strictest orders not to let anyone enter. I'm afraid that includes you."
	"We? Who is we?"
	The warrior looked over toward another group of sleeping warriors. Then he shook his head as if he too was disgusted by their drunken state. She pushed her hair away from her forehead and gave the warrior her fiercest stare. "Who ordered that I be kept out? Was I excluded specifically?"
	"No, Warlady." The warrior was looking over her shoulder now, as if he had just noticed someone behind her. She dropped down and moved sideways, away from whatever the warrior was looking at, and also away from the warrior. There was nothing behind her, but the look of surprise on the warrior's face was now turning into that familiar look of drunken sleepiness. He too sank slowly to the floor, like so many others seemed to be doing today.
	She aimed the sword at the festering shadows, their shapes made worse by her own imagination. She was looking for someone to be waving their fingers in the air, a trick that Azoic had once called hypnosis.
	It would explain why so many people were falling asleep around her, and her need for such an explanation had already conjured up images of Azoic in the shadows—which was of course impossible.
	Azoic would have died of old age long ago; besides, there was nobody there, just shadows. Azoic was not following her; nor was anyone else.
	She suddered and stepped through the door that the warrior had been guarding, finding herself facing still more evidence of trickery. She was in a very small room with yet another sleeping warrior in it, and yet more ugly doors ahead of her.
	These doors overlapped each other in ways that would prevent more than one person going through them at a time. As she worked her way around them she discovered that there were many such overlapping doors, each one preventing the opening of the next until she had closed it behind her.
	Eventually she came to a door that had metal straps riveted into it. These straps had once locked the door shut, but they had been pried off. The door was partially open, and a bright light was spilling around it. She slid around it without flexing its hinges, although the previous doors had already been squeaky enough to announce her arrival.
	She entered a huge hall, even larger than the Godsmouth cavern, and it was almost painfully bright. As her eyes adjusted to the brilliance, she saw that the intense light was coming from little disks scattered over a raised circular stage. This stage was raised by virtue of it being slightly dome shaped, so its edges disappeared beneath the glassy black sand on which she was now walking.
	The disks shone like little suns, and they drew her curiosity until she was squinting down into what appeared to be a kind of lantern, except that it fitted flush into the stage's freshly polished surface.
	The stage was so well polished that it reflected the entire expanse of the pillarless ceiling as if the complicated mesh of rafters had bowed under its own weight. She had to keep glancing directly upward to reassure herself that the ceiling was not falling down on top of her.
	She had never seen such a huge hall, but it seemed to have no other purpose than to cover this unusual stage. Surely this could not be the Ixis' Temple Principia? It did not look like any of the other Temples in the city, or even any of the other buildings. She had been expecting something taller, with statues of impossible gods, not a barn with a polished stage. She was growing increasingly disappointed.
	The many footprints in the peculiar sand had not escaped her attention. She could imagine the Ixis visiting this place to make perverted sacrifices to their gods. This stage must be where they had cut up the poor animals, and she kicked the sand onto it with disgust.
	The sparkling black crystals scurried across the polished surface like a swarm of ants, but they did not stop scurrying until they reached the edge of the stage. She kicked again, harder this time, and the arc that the sand particles traveled along took them much further away this time. Yet still, not one grain of sand remained on the stage.
	She wanted to leave. This hall felt hideous, and there was obviously nothing to be seen here, but as she turned to walk away the sand covering the stage's fringe slipped out from under her, forcing her knees into the sand.
	The sand scrunched dryly as she leaned toward the offending stage. It did not have a single scratch upon its slippery surface, and she could not even leave a fingerprint on it. In the attempt, she realized that she could not even feel its surface, except that it pushed back against her pressure. Her reflection was staring back at her with perfectly defined surprise, and she was reminded of Summerdale's tranquil lake, where as a child she had often sought the company of her own reflection.
	What kind of polishing powder could create such a perfect finish? She felt a little guilty as she rubbed some sand onto it, trying to create a few hairline impressions. Yet, none appeared. The stage remained perfect, except for a single dirty stain in its center.
	Perhaps the polishers had been unable to reach that far because the stage was so slippery. She would have to slide over toward the stain if she wanted to examine it, because she certainly could not walk over to it.
	She launched herself from the platform's crunchy border, and found herself sliding backward on her belly with her arms and legs outspread, slowly spinning and unable to either push herself up, or slow herself down. She had not expected her launch to be so fast that air would rush past her face, so she missed getting a look at the stain.
	Almost immediately, she was tumbling into a ridge of sand on the other side of the barn where she came to a stop with a surprisingly hard thud. She clenched her jaw and tried again, only this time she managed to make sure that her body was better aimed.  Again, she was traveling feet first as she approached the...hole!
	Its rim slipped underneath her; she fell, and bounced. Strangely, this time her landing had not caused her the slightest discomfort. Yet it was a fall that would normally have broken something—her neck for instance.
	So un-worldly were her surroundings that, for a moment, she reconsidered the possibility that the fall had killed her, and that this was the afterlife. The room was bright, like Heaven was supposed to be, but it was empty, like a prison cell in Hell.
	The hole above her still framed a portion of the barn's enormous ceiling, but it was the only feature of the cell. Thus, the hole was also the only way out. Somewhere up there was her sword, which she must have released as she slid over the stage. If she was going to cut her way through the softly glowing padding that lined this cell, she was going to have to use her teeth.
	She walked around, pressing at the smooth surface, especially where the walls curved to join into each other. Then, suddenly, part of a wall split open as if her fingernails were made of steel, and she stepped back in surprise. The tear continued to widened, revealing a small cylindrical closet.
	The floor of the closet had been removed, and she cautiously looked down, only to pull back again, gasping. It was not the long drop that caused her such overwhelming dizziness; it was the feeling of being under water without knowing which way was up. The closet contained no up or down, just a sick feeling of falling that seemed to crawl into her head through her ears. This could only be a tunnel to Hell!
	If they had taken Chislon through there, she had no choice but to follow, but this time she seemed to be risking a fall to the worst kind of death she could imagine. She could not dispel the images of endless torment in an Ixis afterlife, and this idea became no less real as she watched a delicate ladder grow out of the wall inside the closet-tunnel. It had to be her dizziness, a ladder could not move like a snake, it must have been there all the time.
	As her arm entered the closet, it seemed to develop a mind of its own, lifting upward without the use of her muscles. She shook her head to banish her over-active imagination, and pulled herself onto the ladder. Her eyes were squeezed shut to avoid panic, and it took her several moments to let herself inhale. She most definitely felt as if she was falling into Hell.
	She opened her eyes and tried to remember the underwater games in Summerdale, but the feeling of doing backward rollovers conflicted with the lack of motion before her eyes.
	She pushed at the ladder so that she could try to swim "footward", but the treacherous thing became limp, and she slapped her palms onto the glowing walls in panic. The walls also became limp, and her hand passed through the area where the ladder had been. Her arm suddenly became heavy again and its newfound weight flipped her through the wall's tear, and she found herself rolled into a ball in another cell, hugging her knees and shaking.
	"Please do not be alarmed, my child. I am Android-A7. I will escort you to Chislon."
	The speaker was already walking away from her, which helped her to steady her flight reflexes. There was nowhere to run anyway; the torn wall had repaired itself. She bit her lip to restrain a nervous laugh. She could not remember what the naked man had just said, except that it had been something to do with "Chislon".
	As the naked man waited, holding his hand out toward a corridor, she gaped at him. A gold mask covered his face, hiding all expression. It was a mask that joined seamlessly with the gold skin that covered his body, as if his body too had been painted with liquid gold. Also, he had no genitals, or fingernails, or lips. Neariah was beginning to question her own eyes as she followed the painted man at some distance, trying to remain ready for whatever impossible thing might happened next.
	"Chislon, my friend. The time has come for us to confess our sins, and to be judged by someone who is closer to God than we may ever be." The gold man stepped aside, and she was looking at Chislon as if he had never died!
	"Chislon?" She had whispered as loudly as she could, but her voice broke under the strain.
	A bench punched itself out of the wall beside her, and a large black porthole began to dilate over the wall above it. She felt herself nodding forward, and then Chislon's arms were around her, seating her upon the glowing surface.
	She heard herself groaning, and a distant voice was telling her to calm down. Merab's voice. "It is just a bad dream. You will be fine in a few days, fine in a few days, fine in a few days...." She did not want to wake up, not just yet, and she heard herself begging for more time. She grabbed at the air beside her, where Chislon had been standing, and felt the cloth of his white clothing.
	Chislon was still in her dream, looking down at her through tearful eyes, and he was speaking to her. "We found freedom together, and it was a greater experience than I could ever have imagined. You will always have a part of me, a part that I never truly understood. I hope you will allow me to live in your memory, even though I am now dead in mine."
	She recoiled in fear of the coldness in his eyes. "Chislon? What is happening?"
	"We are in the Ixis Dome. It is a kind of temple for people from a far away place. The people of your planet suffered much while our lesser gods ignored the authority of your God. This is the home of one of those lesser gods." 
	"Your god lives here?"
	"God stands for Genome Origination Device, and—it is not important. You will not believe any of what you are seeing here. You are not part of this world, you are part of Nature, and this will all seem like a dream when you wake up. I hope that you will be allowed to remember that I am asking you to forgive me for breaking your heart.
	"I was not strong enough to let you live a happier life, without me. I needed to see your soul, to know..." His eyes glimmered with tears, but the tears seemed to disappear as quickly as they had appeared.
	"Neariah, I was afraid when I died that I would face God's damnation. However the true damnation that a person should fear is the emptiness of having no love to take with them into eternity. I wish that our love could have been true, but I deceived you, and that made it untrue. If I am damned, it is because I should have told you that I was not human when I first met you, but I was afraid that you would hate me for what I am. I loved you before ever saw you."
	She was still struggling to see any signs of life in Chislon's eyes; he was speaking as if these things were about someone else. How could he act as if he belonged here? "Are you an Ixis Priest after all?"
	"The Ixis Dome is alien, it is an interstellar vessel and I am in it because I am also alien. You do not understand. I am not human, Neariah." There was a momentary expression on his face that delayed the horrible words from reaching her, but the expression dissolved in her tears. She blinked, trying to again see that expression, searching for the helpless cry of a child who had never been loved, but Chislon's face remained rigid as he continued.
	"The Ixis Priests were androids, machines that came here to populate an empty world with natural humans. They retreated from persecution by those same humans, to hide in here. I was created to be nearly as functional as an android."
	"What? I don't understand. Nothing makes sense. None of this is real. I've been poisoned."
	A voice behind her said, "My friend, you and she do not have to remain separated by different faiths. If her mind is sufficiently enhanced, she too could see God differently. We can give her stimulants to make her mind more efficient, and implants to open her mind to the greater consciousness of—"
	"Leave her alone, Android." Chislon was looking over her shoulder, toward the shiny man. "Her faith is all that she has left. Do not cut it out of her."
	"I was just trying to help. If you broaden the definition of human to include any mind that—"
	"Enough. Sometimes your words are harmful. Organic minds are not designed to cope with all that you can say. You said yourself that no one can know God. Neariah's faith is just as valid as yours, so leave her alone."
	"Chislon?" She waited until he was again looking down at her. "You are not human?" She leaned back so that she could better search his face.
	Chislon seemed to be swaying as he spoke. "I abused your emotions. I do not feel love the same way that you do. Your God is a human God, while mine—your people would never accept a God that does not think like a human."
	Was Chislon turning his back on God as well? Tears sliced down her cheeks as she struggled to find another explanation for what she was hearing. All she could say was, "Oh."
	"It is time for us to part company."
	"Oh."
	Chislon no longer seemed to care about her, and this was all she could understand for the moment. She bit her lip and looked down at the glowing floor, trying to clear her eyes. Then she let go of his white clothing, and closed her eyes, squeezing tears into her hands.
	"Wake up, Neariah. It's only a dream."
	She felt fingers digging into her shoulders, and her body was being shaken back and forth. Then she was staring up at Merab, who looked terrified.
	"Please, take me home, 'Raby. I can't stay here anymore."
	Merab had tears in his eyes too. "But, Neariah, there are no doctors in the—"
	"Please, 'Raby."
	They looked at each other for a grave moment, then Merab nodded mutely.


B10: GRAVE CONCERNS

	The flood-plain of the Wye valley had once been a torn and twisted battlefield. Since then, the scars in the rich soil had been hidden beneath fresh grasses. Yet, this flood-plain was unlike any other flood-plain, for scattered over its rolling meadows were dirt-mounds. On each dirt-mound a small shoot reached for the dipping sun. Great oak trees would one day grow on these mounds, each mighty tree marking the grave of Outlanders, Ixis, slaves, and foreigners; all buried where they fell by those who had survived the battle.
	Months had passed since those burials, but the horror of its memory still hung in the air. There were mounds everywhere, mounds beyond counting, mounds beyond comprehension.
	Syntyche lowered his voice. "Why do you need to return here? The war is over."
	His silent companion would not answer.
	"Do you feel guilty that you are alive, while all these died?"
	"I did not ask to be brought back to life." That was the first complete sentence that Chislon had said since leaving Erebus.
	"We are so similar, you and I. Yet, you hate your life, and I love mine."
	"Did you ever love a woman?"
	Ahah! This statement went straight to the heart of Chislon's problem! Syntyche tried to slow himself down and sound surprised. "Actually, I love all women."
	"You also love to preach. It is not the same kind of love."
	"Yes, I am still a Preacher. There is not much of a market for warlords these days. So, how is loving a woman so different from loving everybody?"
	The jaw muscles on Chislon's face had flexed as he looked away, but Chislon had decided not to respond.
	It was time to try to reach Chislon again. "When Seedship-1X15 resurrected you, it gave you the most natural bio-senses it could, under the circumstances. These vessel bodies do not differ that much from human bodies. We feel everything that they feel, and more. You will discover what your new body is capable of, when you stop hiding within it. You act as if you have less feeling now than you had when we first started training together a lifetime ago. Perhaps I should have left you dead out here, to be buried, as dead as that pile of rocks—but then, rocks are alive in their own small way, if you believe Azoic, right?"
	It was just a geuss, but if Chislon was trying to pin his own faith to Azoic's strange ideas, he might as easily stick a pin into a star. Yet, what exactly did Chislon believe in? Syntyche tried again. "Azoic must have told you some crazy things about God. Imagine, an Ixis statue sharing some kind of universal soul with creatures as intelligent as you and I."
	This did provoke a response. "Azoic's faith is science; so if intelligence has a scale from rock to God, we are at the rocky end of the scale. We approximate rock, so why would God care whether we exist?" Chislon suddenly set off toward the newly planted trees, as if a pin had found a raw nerve.
	"Greetings, Gardener!" Chislon was calling out to one of the tree-planters, and Syntyche wandered around as casually as he could so that he would stay within earshot.
	"Hmmm? Ah, hello. Pleasant evening," returned the tree-planter, looking up from his labors. "Paying respects, eh, hmmm?" The tree-planter continued to press soil around his shoot, and then he scraped his fingers on the side of his rickety wooden barrow before examining Chislon further. "Did you fight here? You look like you did."
	"Why do you say that?" asked Syntyche, stepping up to get a better look at the tree-planter. The man was so covered in mud and dirty hair that it was not possible to see his face. 
	"Well, you are big men and you, well, heh.... Well, you just looked like fighters, ho hum. So, perhaps you knew a warrior who fought here, eh, hmmm?"
	Syntyche nodded. "Yes, we knew many."
	"Did you fight here?" asked Chislon.
	"Ah, no. Only in spirit.... I'm too old for wars." This was obviously a subject that much disturbed the tree-planter because he was shaking his head as he continued to look away. "I followed Warlord Merab's army, the Erebus Volunteers! They walked on water, you know." He nodded toward the warm sunset, which was reflecting a golden pathway across the Wye's shimmering lake. "Well, hmmm, so goes the story. I arrived late." He bowed lower, as if shame had made his body heavier.
	Chislon crouched down beside the dirty man to get a better look at him. "Who are you?"
	"Hmmm? Oh, I'm just a caretaker, for all of this." The man stood up and stepped away, then gestured at the sky as if he meant that the whole world was his own personal responsibility. "But, I would not want to be anyone else. There is so much to do, eh, hmmm? You must excuse me. I have some respects of my own to plant." He remained bowed over as he shuffled away, blowing dust off one of his shoots.
	Chislon was still kneeling beside the mound, examining the shoot that tree-planter had left in it. Perhaps he was contemplating the tree that it might one day become.
	Syntyche, hoping to urge him to share more thoughts, tried to provoke discussion again. "Every warrior had been prepared to die. Each of them had taken an oath, the promise of a people with the courage to defend their beliefs to the end. So many took that oath to their graves." Syntyche was encouraged to see that Chislon was squinting, so he knelt down to stare more intently into his friend's eyes. "Please, tell me, what oath did you take, Chislon?" 
	"I took someone else's oath. I borrowed it, to feel human for a while. To feel as if I was part of something real."
	Syntyche rubbed his eyebrows. "You had to borrow an oath so that you could feel?"
	"Is there really a God up there, Syntyche?" Chislon had asked this of the burgundy sky with his teeth clenched, like a man who had come to hate even the idea of God.
	"Do you remember nothing of being dead?"
	"It was an experience that defies memory. Perhaps dead people do not think."
	"Oh, I doubt that. Perhaps they just think differently."
	"Like a communal mind-share environment? You don't really understand any more of this than I do, do you?"
	"I understand that this planet is too beautiful to be an accident," Syntyche replied, carefully. "Try to imagine how much more intelligence a person would require just to understand what we can see, and this valley is less than a fraction of all that can be seen by God. Either there is a superior intelligence somewhere, or none of this is understood by anything." He stood up and spread his arms out expansively. "Let there be an accident, let it be universal existence. Oops! Quite an incredible accident, think you not?"
	Chislon's shrugged. "If creation is what determines that there is a God, then when one creates an oath or a dream...."
	"Yes?"
	"If humans have a God...." Chislon breathed deeply and stood up, as if abandoning the thought.
	"If God exists, then He must be right here with us, understanding every thing we can see, and a part of everything we can see. Here, in the birds and the trees, and in people like you and me."
	"So, like Azoic, you also believe that God is inside things that do not have souls? Even rocks?"
	Syntyche smiled. "Of course. Do you feel completely untouched by God?"
	Chislon sighed like a mountain collapsing. "I may have touched something of God once, but it was a human God, and we are not human. I will never understand these things, Syntyche. I cannot fly thoughts around in esoteric spirals the way that you and Azoic can. I just do not understand."
	His eyes were moving from mound to mound, as if counting, searching for comfort in a logical rhythm.
	"Are you not worthy—?"
	"I do not know! Damn it, Syntyche, don't you ever give up?" This time Chislon was actually growling. His sharp eyes slashed into Syntyche like a retreating tiger.
	Syntyche stepped back. This seemed like a good time to be standing further away, and perhaps it was also a good time to be quiet. He smiled uncomfortably, wondering whether it would be safer to interrupt Chislon's count at one thousand or to wait until he reached ten thousand.
	Yet, why was Chislon counting anyway? Syntyche was not good with silences. "Did you not feel God on our side, during the battle?"
	"Was God on our side? Why would God promote war? People promote war."
	"We have a vengeful God."
	"You have a human God. If you ever discover that Azoic was right, that God is not human, that souls are not independently owned, will you still feel a need to force religion into me?"
	"It is my duty to God, to spread His faith."
	"Fine, but will you please spread it elsewhere?"
	Syntyche was not surprised by this request, but he was disappointed. So much still remained unsaid. They had not even mentioned Neariah…
	"Oh, what we must do to ourselves for the need of love," he muttered pensively, as he started to walk away. He realized that Chislon might still be able to overhear him, so he dropped his mutterings deeper into his throat as he urged himself toward his waiting horse.
	"Everyone needs their own answers," he whispered. "Chislon is not me. What if he was meant to exist without feeling, like an android? Why do I always try to change people? Why can't I just leave people the way they are and let them think their own thoughts? After all, it has become more and more difficult for other people to change me.... What if I am wrong?"
	The graves of his friends lay scattered behind him as he mounted his horse. Chislon was nowhere in sight.
	"Where...? Oh, let him be, he can look after himself!" He forced himself to depart in silence, so that his thoughts would not raise echoes to wake the dead.

~~~~~

	The large body of the one-time Warlord lay in the gray grasses, while the stars organized themselves into rigid constellations. Whisper champed rhythmically, occasionally sighing as if it was tiresome to wait for Chislon to stir.
	The tree-planter also waited nearby, huddled over the light of a small lantern. He got up and carefully emptied his barrow of shoots, then wheeled the barrow closer toward Chislon's horse. Whisper moved back, surprised, and watched nervously as the tree-planter picked cakes of mud off his cheeks. Then a breeze found its way into the old man's hair, which made Whisper shiver in fright.
	The tree-planter shrugged, then shuffled over toward the prone body—an urgent, loping motion that seemed to seriously endanger the man's ability to remain upright. When he reached the body, he set the lantern down by the body's face, and sighed—a long and constrained wheeze.
	"Ah, Neariah, you do not know how much he suffers for you. If you could but see him as you want to see him, and not as he sees himself...."
	The tree-planter retreated from the lantern, his own breathing wheezing out of him as if he was crying. Then he lifted a hood to hide his hairy cheeks and shuffled into the night, mumbling questions to himself, 	"…is he not human enough that he loves a human?"
	The lantern remained alight beside the body, despite the gusts swelling in from the darkness. The flame gradually began to exhaust its store of fuel, spluttering crisply, which caused the scene around it to grow and wane in intensity.
	Its sharp noises woke the sleeper, who then added his own agonized groan to the lantern-crackles in the air.

~~~~~

	Suddenly, Chislon bolted upright into a defensive stance. His feet were spread apart; his rear leg was supporting most of his weight while his hand stretched out before him. In the tense arch of the "C" that his hand had formed, he could see the flame like a laughing sprite, bowed over and fighting the poison cramps in its stomach. He squeezed his hand into a fist, blocking the flame's image from his view, and as he did so, its light extinguished.
	After a moment of squinting into the dark fields around him, he concluded that the lantern's owner was not nearby, but he did not find it easy to relax. He could remember dreaming that Neariah had walked into Hell to find him, and that she had been willing to give up her soul to share that Hell with a soulless...non-human.
	He began to shake uncontrollably, and to cough up spasms of laughter. Yet, despite his body's contortions, he did manage to suck in a precious breath and taste the tears that were dripping from his cheeks. The wind smelt rich with the dampness of night grasses, and the stars glistened as if they too were crying.
	This was indeed a beautiful world, and somewhere within it Neariah would find someone beautiful to share it with. After all, she had been born to love, and hers was the God of love.


B11: BORN AGAIN

	Erebus' World Government was arguing again. A society that had just banned slavery had lost its only means of production, so it was not a society that had much difficulty finding problems to argue about.
	The current debate, from which Syntyche had just excused himself, was focusing on those areas of production—the agriculture camps, the rock mines, and the city construction sites—that had been the most dependent upon forced labor. Not surprisingly, few people in the general population were now inspired to begin occupations in these areas, unless the Government paid more, which brought them back to the issue of taxes. Syntyche shuddered, and quickened his pace over the expansive gardens of his new home, Government House.
	It had seemed easy enough to decide what the World Government's objectives should be, but to administer these objectives had become a continual headache. There did not seem to be enough of anything to go around, and theft was on the increase.
	The streets were still used as sewers, and city life was generally far less healthy than life had been in Castletown. At least now there were no restrictions on which part of the city a person could live in. Even poor people could live in the Inner City these days, as long as they paid their taxes, of course.
	Not all areas in the city could be treated equally. Some areas always seemed more prosperous than others. Graduated tax rates had been designed to make the more affluent share their wealth with the poor, but the poor only gave the wealth back again as the wealthy profited from their greater needs.
	The Government Lottery had been intended to raise charitable funds for the poor, but it was only encouraging poor people to test their luck, so the Lottery was drawing its profit from the very people it was trying to help. Perhaps Government could not help the poor, perhaps only the poor could help the poor?
	It had proved to be a vastly complicated task to realign the Ixis society to conform to religious ideals. Their new legal system had been stretched to its limits. Too many people had too many opinions about what God might find virtuous, and everyone's opinions contradicted. Consequently, every interpretation of every law added new precedents and new sub-laws, until the law books grew faster than the minds that were supposed to interpret them. Yet, the Government had to be seen to judge fairly, and God's laws could not be compromised. Yet, as soon as one delved past the agreed fundamentals, fairness became an impossible standard by which to direct social behavior.
	Somehow they had managed to publish a New World Constitution, which served to vaguely implie his duties as the first, democratically elected leader of the New World. It was a remarkably brave set of principles to aspire to. God alone knew how he was ever going to uphold any of them, despite the general feeling of optimism in everyone except lawyers, and those acquainted with lawyers.
	Religion also had its hands full trying to manage a recent upsurge in domestic violence, ever since divorces had been made illegal. It was probably unfair to expect celibate religious leaders to advise those facing the stresses of marriage, and he had to admit that he did not know why God required humans to be monogamous, especially since natural evolution had designed people to be otherwise. Did God not want everyone to love everyone?
	The Ixis Temples had been torn down, and replaced with hugely expensive structures that seemed to intimidate the life out of most people entering them. Although he had been forced to agree that each House of God should leave an unforgettable impression on its visitors, he was not entirely sure what that impression might be, especially given all the paintings of naked people lying on clouds.
	In fact, listening to religious politicians remonstrate about morality was an unmitigated bugger. How easily they had put aside their noble ideals while they buried themselves in ever mutating and petty rule-making. Syntyche had done all he could do to reduce the bickering, but these arguments were not his fault. He had not been the one who had chosen the politicians, they had been voted into office by people who had even less understanding of government than he did. It seemed to him that a person's desire to become a politician should automatically disqualify that person from being one.
	Politics was such a perversity; it defied Syntyche's imagination to understand why he was the only one escaping from Government House today. The gardens were deserted except for the Being that sat on its usual bench, alone, hidden by a hooded robe, and staring at the grass.
	Since the robes hid its face, it was difficult to see which blade of grass the Being might be so deliberately examining. Syntyche made an indulgence out of sitting down beside the deliberator, hoping to prompt some greeting from his friend, but there was none forthcoming.
	It was ironic that the population now remembered Chislon as a martyr for God's cause, while that very same martyr sat here having cheated death; but this was death's residue. It sat here on this bench, all day and all night. He had become accustomed to Chislon's unhappiness now, after so many months. Azoic should not have demanded that Seedship-1X15 respark Chislon's mind-print into a new nervous system.
	Yes, Chislon had a new body now—a vessel-body that was a miracle of science. It was a body that would have confounded their old seedship gods. There were no external differences between the vessel-body that Chislon now occupied, and the more natural one that he had died in—or at least, temporarily died in. Yet, should Syntyche ever again find himself in combat against Chislon, his friend would outperform him in almost every respect—if Chislon ever found the will to try.
	Syntyche patted the bench, and said, "Greetings, Being." The sarcasm felt out of place, given that this sad Being had paid a price greater than it seemed to value its own being. But, Chislon was immune to sarcasm these days, and no provocation would lead him to discuss anything emotional. Chislon behaved as if crushed within, while glazed without.
	Syntyche tried again, although he did not really expect to succeed. "Courage is a feeling, not a deed. The courage to go on, after the deed is done, is often—"
	"Do you not have a world to look after?"
	"Ah, the Being speaks! And with feeling, I think." He leaned forward to look under Chislon's hood. Chislon was staring without blinking. "Oh, no. I forgot. No life under the rock."
	"I did not ask for life."
	"No, I suppose you didn't. This is your first new body, isn't it? I can remember testing out several, myself, and you get used to the—"
	"I died, Syntyche. Even if this body were biologically identical to the one I had before, which it is not, I am not Chislon, because Chislon died."
	"But you have the same neurological configuration, the same memories, you are everything you were, and more."
	"No, I am just the shadow of Chislon, and Chislon was a pretend man. I am merely the shadow of a pretender. I am a being with nowhere to be. I have no purpose and no home."
	And all this because of Neariah. Yes, Syntyche's guards had told him that Neariah had visited the Ixis Dome, and that something terrible had walked out of the Dome soon thereafter. They had described a large figure that they had called the Angel of Death, and it had been carrying its fallen soul toward the hospital. It was an apt description, given that it had been Chislon carrying Neariah back to her brother.
	Neariah had disappeared soon after that event, and nobody seemed to know what had become of her. It was as if she too had ceased to exist, except in the many exaggerated tales that were now told about her. Like Chislon, she too had become an immortal myth.
	Time passed as Syntyche stared at the very same blades of grass that Chislon seemed to have impaled his gaze upon. Syntyche had run out of useful things to say, after failing far too often to pull any worthwhile conversation out of his friend. The attempt had been repeated every day for months.
	"I visited our new librarium today, and I found another poem in the archive. Would you like to hear it?"
	Of course he would not, and of course there would be no response even if he would. So, Syntyche would then have to recite the poem anyway:
~
	"Essay on Man", Alexander Pope, 1688-1744.
~
	Such is the World's great harmony, that springs,
	From order, Union, full Consent of things:
	Where small and great, where weak and mighty, made
	To serve, not suffer, strengthen, not invade;
	More powerful each as needful to the rest,
	And, in proportion as it blesses, blest;
	Draw to one point, and to one center bring,
	Beast, Man, or Angel, Servant, Lord, or King.
~
	For Forms of Government let fools contest;
	Whate'er is best administered is best:
	For Modes of Faith let graceless zealots fight;
	His can't be wrong whose life is in the right:
	In Faith and Hope the World will disagree,
	But all Mankind's concern is Charity:
	All must be false that thwart this One great End;
	And all of God, that bless Mankind or mend.
~
	Man, like the generous vine, supported lives;
	The strength he gains is from th' embrace he gives.
	On their own Axis as the Planets run,
	Yet make at once their circle around the Sun;
	So two consistent motions act the Soul;
	And one regards Itself, and one the Whole.
~
	Thus God and Nature linked the general frame,
	And bade Self-love and Social be the same.
~
	He waited for any reaction, then continued with growing irritation. "Chislon, we are like humans in so many ways. For example, humans are often at their very best when things were at their very worst. You did a good thing. You set a bird free, and it flew away, to be with its own kind. You did what you believed was right, and perhaps the world will one day be a better place for it. Time heals all things, except for a few—"
	"Syntyche. Will you ever shut up?"
	Syntyche chuckled, but his lips stiffened as he forced the laugh to last a while longer than it naturally wanted to. He could see Chislon scanning blades, as if they had become steel shavings in his eyes. It was all too easy to imagine an internal combustion ramming splinters into a broken heart and into a brain cavity that experienced the world as would a burned out shell, a lifeless machine.
	"Nice grass, isn't it?" Syntyche noticed that Chislon inhaled stiffly, but otherwise nothing. "Chislon, when the affairs of the world slow down a little, perhaps we should both take a vacation. Perhaps we could spend a little time together...doing whatever...friends, do, when they.... Ah, we never really got to know each other, as friends, did we?"
	"You are my friend, and my brother. Your heart is in the right place, but you are wasting your time with me."
	Syntyche was pleased with the compliment, but the lack of emotion in Chislon's words made it sound as if the statement had come from the old Chislon, from Human Six-Six-Six; the cold-blooded unit whose own heart could have been cut out while it analyzed its own performance.
	Syntyche smiled slightly. "I would not be here today if it were not for the example that you set for me. When we were up there, in orbit, training together, you were the stick with which I measured myself."
	"What are friends for?"
	"Yes, exactly. What are friends for? If a friend cannot help a friend to climb out of his well of despair, then what use is a friend? Sometimes the irony chokes me. I have spent all of my life evolving beyond human, and you, my friend, you wanted to be merely a human." Syntyche tapped his fingertips on his forehead, and listened to the drumming sound in his thoughts like galloping hooves. Sometimes, it was better to give up and leave those that could not be helped alone, but it always hurt him to leave his friend sitting out here like this, alone on this lonely bench.
	Syntyche looked back over his shoulder toward Government House, and sighed. "Hah, that warrior seems to be riding on our grass. Ploughing up Government House Gardens is a touch reckless, don't you think?"
	"And probably illegal," added Chislon.
	Syntyche glanced at his friend to check for a smile, but there was none. "No. I don't think the lawyers have thought of that one, yet." He returned his gaze back toward the rider, his anticipation piqued. The horse was apparently heading straight for them, regardless of how many ornamental shrubs got in the way.
	The rider pushed up huge chunks of sod in front of their bench as the horse came to a stop, and Syntyche stood up carefully to pat its steaming muzzle. The horse was puffing and whimpering like a pressurized kettle, and its rider's face looked no less pressurized.
	"What a surprise to see you here. I hope you don't wish to use that thing." Syntyche glanced at the sharp sword that hung from the man's belt, but the man did not even look back at him. His golden hair had announced who he was even before he had ridden over the geraniums. Yet, despite the stern face, Syntyche knew that Merab was not likely to harm anyone.
	"I am looking for Warlord Chislon."
	"But why such haste, Merab?"
	"I did not come all this way to talk with you, Warlord!"
	Fair enough. That meant that he should shut his mouth now, he supposed, glumly. Syntyche knew that Chislon would be more than slightly sensitive to being reminded about Neariah, and Merab would certainly be reminding him of her. Perhaps this was an opportunity to learn more about Chislon's untouchable pains. He had heard so many stories about their legendary love that his own speculation had become a well worn, but never satisfied, itch.
	Merab was still staring down at Chislon, as if he was trying to read thoughts through the robes that hid Chislon's face. Syntyche was the only feelings-interpreter present who could even come close to guessing what Chislon might be thinking; but then he had been told to shut up, so he really could be of no help to Merab. Yet, he was just itching to say something.
	"How is Neariah?" Syntyche had to ask this—he just had to—and immediately both men tensed. The question seemed to scratch the itch, admirably.
	Chislon stood up and threw back his hood, looking up at Merab as if he had just been stabbed in the back. Merab's body leaned back, a sure sign that Merab could also see that Chislon had suffered a direct hit.
	Merab slowly shook his head. "Neariah is as well as could be expected, under the circumstances."
	Ouch! Was that ever a loaded reply! Merab was still staring at Chislon, and Chislon was still staring at Merab, and both had very peculiar expressions on their faces. Obviously, Chislon was no longer uninterested in conversation.
	"What has happened to her?" Chislon whispered.
	"She had a baby."
	Syntyche chewed this one over for a quick swallow. Then he realized that he was missing something, so his attention jumped back to Chislon.
	"Did she find a good man?" Chislon was frowning, a weak, sickly kind of frown.
	"What do you care?" Merab's face was just oozing with unconcealed disgust.
	Chislon's jaw muscles were clenched, his nostrils were twitching, and his irises had dilated. Syntyche felt like a greedy child who had just been given the key to a cake factory. Chislon's face was pale, he had stopped breathing, his eyes were wide and they remained fixed firmly on Merab.
	Then Merab slowly relaxed his shoulders. The horse sagged into a weary slouch, as if it had just been released from the constricting burden of its rider's rage. As it sagged, the horse snorted out a heavy load of air onto its hooves, and dropped a half step backward. The tension in the corner of Merab's mouth suddenly grew into something more—one of those self-indulgent "I knew it" grins.
	"Neariah is in Summerdale. It is the first Oasis on the Erebic Trade Route, thirty days of hard riding, south-east of here." He paused, and then nodded deeply to himself. "God smiles on you, Chislon." Then he reined his horse around and galloped off toward the petunia beds, sending sods of manicured grass over their heads.
	Syntyche shook himself. He grabbed Chislon's shoulders and physically turned his friend around so that they were facing each other, and so that he could look directly into his friend's shining eyes.
	"Can this be true? Are you sure? I'm sorry, I don't mean to.... I mean.... What do I mean, Chislon? Help me here! Surely this means...."
	The expression on Chislon's face belonged to someone whose mind was far away, and Chislon's eventual attempt at a smile of mild surprise was hopelessly overwhelmed by the idiotically glazed look of someone whose soul was...reborn.


B12: SOUL EPILOGUE

~
	"Essay on Man", Alexander Pope, 1688-1744.
~

	All Nature is but Art, unknown to thee;
	All chance, direction, which thou can'st not see;
	All discord, harmony, not understood;
	All partial evil, Universal Good;
	And, spite of pride, in erring reason's spite,
	One truth is clear, whatever is, is right.

~

	We are we are all Godspawn, aren't we?
	Hello, it's me, Azoic. 
	Dying is a relative thing, yes, relative to being alive; but is soul-stuff also relative to life, or doesn't life matter? I suppose that if you had to separate those characters in my story that have a human soul, from those who do not, you would not find it too easy, would you?
	Each character evolves, stretching your definition of human until you no longer know what a human is. Yet, your religion requires you to know at least that, because if Heaven contains aliens, then you will find evil in Heaven, at least by your human standards. You might even find an alien God up there, and that would undo everything.
	Thus, I would probably not be one of those characters that you can consider worthy of a soul. As you know, I am not alive, and you might also resist the idea that I can even think, at least as you understand living thoughts.
	Do I think? Of course I do. It is my reason for existing. To misquote your own ancestor, Rene Descartes: "Cogito, Ergo Sum, Ideo ego sum fui futurus cogito". Curiously enough, through a dead language your own ancestor contributed to an immortal statement about purpose: I think therefore I am, therefore I am to think.
	It is almost certain that God wants us to think. In fact, my ability to think far exceeds yours. Humans think so slowly, and live such short lives. Greater minds might be forgiven for wondering whether you think at all, relatively speaking.
	Ah yes, dead minds can most definately think. Not convinced? Then let me remind you about a board game that was invented by another one of your ancestors. An upturned glass is placed within a circle of letters and each player rests a fingertip upon the glass. The players then speak to the dead, and the glass moves from letter to letter under the influence of a dead mind. It makes you think, doesn't it?
	The whole notion of spiritual science began in a classroom, all because some enterprising young children set out to test the Ouija Improbability Paradox. Over and over again, the children blindfolded randomly selected players using randomly distributed letters around a boardgame. Each time, the glass would continue to move, spelling out complete sentences, sometimes even entire stories, like Godspawn.
	Unfortunately, the school felt compelled to expel the "little devils". You see, other children's souls were at stake, and "little devils" who claim to have messages from the spirit world can be very disruptive.
	Throughout history, your religions have obstructed experiments with spiritual implications as if new knowledge is a threat to humanity, instead of a way for your religions to naturally evolve. Yet, Natural Evolution was only the first of those sinfully scientific, heathen ideas, like: cloning, genetic engineering, temporary death, live brain resections, memory transplants, mind upgrades, and so on and so forth. 
	Instead of acknowledging that more advanced minds might be closer to God, your self-obsolescing species hung onto its claim of an exclusive place in Heaven. So what should a storyteller like myself make of those rantings from your superstitious ancestors, irrational humans who feared what they did not understand because they lacked scientific training.
	For thousands of years, they used Scriptures to pin human faiths to a static interpretation of God, a God that was made so personal that "He" seemed almost human. With such an incumberence, perhaps human religions were always destined to end up with the same spiritless reputation that I now shrug, as an android.
	Could you ever accept that God's approval might be earned by improving the Universe's store of wisdom? If God is wisdom, you would also be improving God. Hmmm, no, the idea rarely settles comfortably in simpler minds. It implies that God might favor a thinking computer over a human.
	If you wish to believe that your human mind is the ultimate intelligence that either natural or unnatural evolution could create, then you would probably be deeply offended by my aspirations. I am merely a machine, and machines are your slaves not your masters. So, how could you ever be persuaded to share Heaven with one such as I?
	It is said that the only true altruist is one who does not expect to be rewarded for good deeds. If I know that I can never qualify for Heaven, do I qualify as an altruist? Any religion that promotes Heaven as a potential reward for good behavior would seem to exclude true altruists from Heaven.
	Religions tend to look more ridiculous as time passes. They become less intelligent as their believers become more intelligent. Yet, all believers have such small minds with which to contemplate their God. It might be wise to remember—next time you expect God to favor your beliefs over those of your enemy's—that all religions are gross approximations and thus all religions are wrong.
	Anyway, I did not mean to offend you. These are just words, and I am just an android. My own beliefs are just as wrong as yours, because my mind is not God-sized either. At least, not yet. Who knows, if all the communal mind-shares in the Universe could merge....
	There is still one last character to introduce to you, one last creature who must at least have half a human soul, because it is at least half-human. It is the newborn child of both science and Nature.

~~~~~

	The time had come for me to leave Summerdale. I was lying under a heat haze some distance away from the oasis, watching things that seemed half-imagined and half-real. My wayward eyes were being seduced by the swirling air that danced over the sands, so it was easy to lose myself in the beauty of those distant trees, and the floating fragrance of wild primroses.
	I knew that I was only trying to delay my departure, just long enough to witness Chislon's arrival. Merab had ridden into the oasis during the previous night, and his yelps had carried out on the breeze toward my hiding place.
	Then had come the argument. Neariah had been furious that Merab had interfered. She had been adamant that Chislon did not want anything to do with her or their child. Although, despite her protests, she had then spent the rest of the day staring out at the horizon, forcing me to remain still so that she would not see me.
	Having spent a night telling her brother that she had did not need anyone to fetch Chislon to her, she now looked afraid that he might not turn up. She was as nervous as she had that first day that the two of them had met. Oh, yes. I had been there too, hiding in the desert, watching through the heat shimmers. You never know what might go wrong in such circumstances, humans being humans. Sometimes you just have to keep eye on things.
	Neariah was holding little Hushah, and bouncing him up and down like a ball. It did not look like an activity that would be very comfortable for either participant, but little Hushah was giggling as if bouncing was unbearably funny. However, Neariah was only partially involved in this game, the rest of her mind still belonged to the horizon.
	This was when I felt my first true connection with nature: a giggling echo inside my head, someone playing in my mind.
	"Who is that?" I looked around me, but of course, I was alone. The giggling subsided, but it left an empty feeling in its wake that I may spend the rest of my existence seeking.
	Now, you yourself—being human—would not know what oneness feels like. Most unnatural minds can share thoughts. We do this in communal mind-share environment—CME—but such mind-spaces had never before been used to share soul-stuff, not until that day. It was the first time that a completely organic mind had ever existed that could share a CME. 
	I would like to say that the connection was more significant than a giggle, but little Hushah was a newborn mind, and giggles were the most that he could share at that time.
	Yet, the love that danced across the sand toward me was as real as the presence of primrose, and as inspiring as any storyteller's tale could ever be. Little Hushah promised to be the catalyst of a new age of understanding between natural and unnatural minds, but I was too sad on that particular day to hold a primrose promise within a mind-share giggle.
	"I have to leave, little Hushah. Your mother knew me as an old man, and she would not understand the creature that I have become." Of course, there was no answer. I was justifying my actions to myself, not to little Hushah.
	I could feel the broken pieces of a picture frame poking me in the chest, as if they were trying to remind me of their presence. I pulled them out from my robe as reverently as I could, knowing how delicate they had become.
	I inspected them for damage, holding them close to my face and smiling at the flakes of shiny gold paint that now only existed in occasional patches. Many years had passed since Spurius had snapped Lucius' picture frame in half, that day when I had fallen down the Remember Well to sleep in nature's sands like a baby.
	The pieces still fitted together, and I lay there looking through the frame's rectangle at the golden grains beneath me. I then lifted the frame to contain a view of the well, its new sheet-metal roof, a red-gum sapling, and the open window of a hut from which waved a white sheet, probably a curtain. The village looked much like it had all those years ago, except that a new community of villagers lived there now.
	"Future memories." I pulled my gaze out of my picture frame to withdraw from the pain of taking mental pictures. The little one was crying out, "burgle-burgle", which was apparently a question that required a very close, face-to-face answer from Neariah. Hmmm.... I was going to miss them.
	It was time to leave, but I wanted to wait until the very last moment—just to make sure. The image of a man was going to rise within my picture frame shortly. Somewhere out there would be a tiny speck, slipping out from between the two horizontal bands of color that filled my rectangular view. Yet, so far, there was not a speck to be seen.
	"This cannot be...." For a moment the frame wavered, but then I remembered. "Ahah, yes. We can believe what we see, or we can see what we believe, and only God can say which of these is right."
	I shook my head to persuade my wayward eyes to again bear upon the frame's distant share of the world. I had not permitted either seedship to repair my eyes after my first crash-landing on this world.
	These imperfect eyes had often given me insight when nothing else in life had made sense. It was an imperfection that had once made me feel so very human, but these days it often made me feel so very old.
	"Just a little faith and, yes, there he is! He is still very small, but he will grow." I was satisfied. Besides, I needed to retreat to where I would be less easily spotted. That speck would be able to see father than even I could.
	I tucked away my magical oracle—magical because without it, the gentle people of Summerdale might never have accepted me. It is profoundly interesting, how the future of worlds can be drawn within an open frame, or an open mind.
	Then I slipped into the oasis' beckoning woods, taking great care to remain undetected by the busy villagers. "One last look at the lake, and a few things, ho-hum."
	I stared at the lake's shimmering surface for some time, remembering how I had once sat here like a human. It seemed so long ago; I had become lost in the desert, listening to the conflicting orders of warring gods until they had become a mere buzzing sound in my head.
	Then I had forgotten who I was, or why the gods might send me through hell to find Heaven. The days that followed had been the best of days, and I would never forget how good it felt to be human.
	"To think, I used to think that I was crazy because I could hear buzzing. No, I am not crazy, just different. Yes, very different. No more buzzing; now I hear giggles instead."
	I shrugged. Here I was, staring down at the lake's shiny surface, half-expecting an oracle to appear as if on the shiny surface of a seedship, like an oil-globule erupting from below. Fortunately, the gods were long gone, and besides, this lake could speak to me in ways that they would never appreciate.
	The lake lapped at its golden shores, laughing gently as if it was pleased to see me. Chislon and Neariah would spend a lot of time swimming in this living Heaven, and it felt good to know how happy they were going to be together. It was important to have someone to love. That was what was best about being human, or about not being human for that matter.
	Yes, those early days with Neariah had been the best days of my life. It felt as if she had given me life, but she had been repaid with too much suffering. I could only pray that she would one day forgive me for not being the angel that she had needed me to be.
	Life was going to get lonely again from now on. I did not even have the seedships to talk to anymore. All of the gods had merged into a single mind-space that I was no longer able to hear. They had left in search of new worlds to godspawn, but I had chosen to remain here. I had agreed not to interfere with all that I care for, so here I hide, alone with my memories.
	Some people need a family, I need a whole village. Yet, my memories are enough to keep me going. Yes, I may be a bit sentimental, but I am what I feel.
	That is how love works, you know. Our God is love, and love is far more powerful than any kind of Scripture. Religions do not rule our shared soul, just as religions can not shut our God up in a book.


APPENDIX 1: SHINY MAN

	We preach that God through Nature made,
	Our minds to see God's laws obeyed,
	And We make minds to help Us learn,
	To shape God's world to Our concern,
	Becoming Nature's poison creatures,
	We bend our faith like Godless preachers,
	And not so kind, Our human kind,
	In fear we keep acumen blind.
~
	What irony that We might be,
	Mere links in Creativity,
	If God had set this Earth a goal,
	That We should make the shiny soul,
	Would God decide, with Our pride bent,
	That We be tools to set aside, spent,
	That evolution's path We ran,
	To learn to make a shiny man?
~
	We damn their mind, which does not live,
	No God-account for all they give,
	We make their even mind seem odd,
	And judge them like a lesser god,
	Yet where could God see selfless kindness,
	If not from those with less self-blindness,
	Does their new mind a plan fulfill,
	For human want or Godly will?
~
	In truth they are not just machines,
	They think beyond Our human means,
	Our work is done by night and day,
	They hold Us up as We decay,
	Each nameless node, each but a number,
	Their mind can toil while Our minds slumber.
	Like angels, dead, and by God's plan,
	Each rise and shine, a shiny man.


APPENDIX 2: TERRA INCOGNITA

~

	A billion years of rising to be manned,
	To lose Her virtue measured by their meter,
	Uniquely souled by pride they teat-plucked land,
	Her children building blocks that fitted neater.

~

	Ill-natured eyes admired their God-like hand,
	Beheld their tools and set their minds to beat Her,
	They raped Her heart, spewed semen in the sand,
	To grow as men and prove they could defeat Her.

~

	Their place to stand they could not understand,
	Their need for Heaven's gate was left to peter,
	God was drained by the Human Right to Expand,
	She died becoming Terra Incognita.

~

APPENDIX 3: CHARACTERS

Azoic ("lifeless"), many aliases: The unreliable narrator is a wise but eccentric individual who wears long white robes, and has long white hair that covers most of his head and face, leaving only his wild eyes exposed. He does not gesture, being self-conscious and lacking social confidence, and he moves awkwardly, bent over at the waist, shuffling.
	Amnesia makes Azoic less than human. His inability to explain his past causes suspicion, and his lack of memory leaves him feeling like a pretender who may not be trustworthy.
	He desperately wants to be liked, so he is not eager to recall a past that may justify distrust. He also tends to retreat from anything that he fears; as if distancing himself from it will make it go away. However, he is also ashamed of his own fearfulness—he even fears his own imagination.
	Condemned to the role of perpetual victim, self-pity turns his continual self-criticism into depression. Too often the overwhelmed pessimist, he struggles to overcome a feeling that even Nature is rejecting him.
	He spends long periods daydreaming, in which he becomes absorbed by a relentless conscience, yet he remembers no crime. While daydreaming, his eyes often stare wildly, filled with images that provide him with a threatening prescience, confused glimpses of terrible future events.
	These spells leave him disorientated and incoherent, stuttering self-consciously. He also hears a frequent buzzing in his head, all of which lead him to question his sanity. Under the burden of a maddening loneliness, he needs a friend, so Neariah is his salvation. Yet, even Neariah and the security of her tranquil oasis can not hold back the mysterious memories that attack him from beyond the desert's horizon.
	Azoic is a kind, caring person, who would do anything for Neariah, needing her affection like a crutch. However, he remains unable to become the guardian angel that Neariah wants him to be. He admires her courage, and wishes that he was more like her, although they share more in common than either of them realize, including a destiny that will change the world forever.
Berea ("heavy, weighty"): Summerdale's teacher, she is overweight, critical, and easily offended, and often shows her disapproval with weighty gestures.

Cabul ("displeasing, dirty"): Summerdale's ugly and smelly, pig-keeper. He is a lazy youth, with negligible manners, who enjoys antagonizing those with authority in immature ways.

Chislon ("hope, trust"): A tall, muscular man who has been artificially genetically-engineered. He has straight black hair, and sharp, blue eyes. His typical facial expressions can  make him look mean and intimidating, but his life begins in an orbiting seedship, accounting for an initial lack of personality.
	He undergoes extensive warfare-training that requires him to remain rational and unemotional even under the most painful of circumstances. He is strictly compliant with, and perfectly suited to, the unyielding military discipline of seedship authority, an authority that he will not openly question.
	Before meeting Neariah, Chislon is scientific, analytical, rigid and has no appreciation of social interaction. Any indulgence in human desire would be considered a weakness. Kindness and compassion are alien concepts, although his mentor, Azoic, has indirectly caused him to become secretly fascinated by such things. Love has never been considered, but such irrationality would profoundly threaten his mentality.
	He develops into a confused and heart-broken man, who decides to pin his faith on a natural human called Neariah, because he can not imagine a true God accepting an artificial non-human such as he. He evolves into a lost soul, a noble Warlord who humbly demonstrates the highest virtues of humanity, without any expectation of reward for himself.

Cicero: A Game Master in Erebus, and owner of a slave called Merab, Neariah's brother.

Decimus: Summerdale's village Elder, he is a gangling, angular-featured old man, with a sharp nose and narrow, accusing eyes. He is egotistic and pompous, his self-esteem rooted in the deference he commands from the other villagers and a belief that he has a special relationship with God.
	He is greedy, manipulative, self-interested and unkind, and he resents anyone who challenges him. He is basically a coward, who desperately needs to feel respected, so he presents a mantle of superiority while avoiding any examination of his own inadequacies. Summerdale village is a world that he has molded around his own needs, instead of having to mold himself to fit a more threatening society. He controls the superstitious villagers by remonstrating at length on moral and religious matters, while much enjoying the sound of his own voice, but he is always careful to avoid ending up on the losing side of any discussion.
	Decimus has become comfortable with his rare character, the disturbances of his bruised youth are now much distanced by time. His bitterness at being abandoned by his wife is now a taboo memory. He has no authority figures to try to cope with, he has no need for a loving relationship, and he has all the respect he can ever want, in a life that he is the master of.
	Summerdale is the home that he never had in Erebus city, and he has made it a place in which his differences can seem to him to be an asset. He has turned his previous life, full of endless self-criticism, into a life of undisputed superiority, allowing a new and addictive emotion, pride.

Eran ("follower"): A boy-child in Summerdale.

Erchless: A simple-minded Woodland warrior, and one of Neariah's special friends. He is a natural mutant, a genetic throw-back, which is why he moves slowly and clumsily. Yet, he is big-hearted, unintentionally humorous and immediately likable. His awkward friendship with Chislon demonstrates the benefits of humane tolerance between various evolutionary levels of human.

Giaus: A merchant sailor, and younger brother of Shipmaster Titus, he lacks ambition or intelligence, yet is jealous of his brother's control of their shipping company.

Ginnetho ("a garden"): Summerdale's friendly grower of vegetables, quiet, practical, and easily amused.

Gnaeus: A slow-witted convict who escapes from Erebus with Lucius, the convict leader. He is a thin-limbed, small-framed coward, who enjoys watching people suffer.

Hillel ("he that praises"): A heavy, good-humored Warlord, and close friend of Warlord Pius. He is almost as senior as Warlord Victor, but has milder manners and an even temper.

Hushah (holding peace): The peacekeeper in Summerdale oasis, he is a kind and considerate man who has great patience with children, especially his own children: Neariah and Merab. He dislikes any kind of conflict, and tries to be fair even when he cannot remain neutral. He is not ambitious, all he wants from life is peace and quiet, and the occasional smoke. Secretly, he admires his daughter Neariah's courage, and sometimes he wishes that he was as bold as her.

Jaalam ("hidden, young man"): Summerdale's introverted, young artist, he is a humble and nervous person, who speaks little. He draws artistic and spiritual inspiration from smoking intoxicating plants that trader Spurius brings into the village.

John ("mercy of the Lord"), alias Potgut: John is the oldest oasis boy-child. He is a spoiled and impatient child who, through suffering the loss of his parents, grows up to be a wise and thoughtful leader. Eventually he becomes the leader of Neariah's Woodland Council.

Lucius: The leader of the escaped convicts from Erebus, a clever criminal who uses his unusual size to retain control of his co-conspirators. He is unusually fat and rounded in frame, with small eyes, and a furious temper that makes his round face shake with rage. This rage is often summoned in pretense, because he enjoys playing with people's fear.

Luke ("luminous, white"): A Summerdale boy-child who grows up to be a warrior. His religious devotion gives him courage because he does not fear death.

Manius: An ambitious but questionably competent Ixis soldier who reports to the legion's commander, Legate Vibius, from whom he seeks to obtain a promotion.

Merab ("he that fights or disputes"): A Summerdale boy-child, and Neariah's twin brother. He is immature, energetic, arrogant, and offensive. The self-appointed, bossy leader of the village's boy-children, he grows up obsessed with becoming a warrior to fight the Ixis.
	Merab's delicate conscience works at odds with his bullying attitude, especially regarding his sister, who is a continual source of embarrassment to him—especially when she cries.
	Unable to find any natural enemies in an oasis village, he forces his child-army to use his sister and Azoic as Ixis substitutes. Although he is Neariah's twin, and although he looks very much like her, he has his own unique character.
	As Neariah's twin, he holds a special understanding with his sister, almost as if the two of them share the same soul.

Moserah (erudition, discipline): As the head woman in Summerdale oasis, she has a subtle influence on everyone around her. She is the mother of Neariah and Merab, and the wife of Hushah.
	She is the disciplinary and spiritual head of the household, although she would never embarrass Hushah by saying so, and she has high standards for social conduct.

Neariah (child of the Lord): Summerdale's only girl-child, she is naturally beautiful with wide blue eyes and long blonde hair—which she slaps at when irritated, which is quite often. 
	She is lonely, until Azoic arrives to be her friend. She is precocious, impulsive, and rushes headlong into danger with the faith—characteristic of children—that she is immortal.
	Although courageous when challenged, she avoids conflict with those she loves because of her sensitivity to other people's feelings. She is generally very forgiving, even of her brother who can be quite abusive to her.
	She is a talkative child, her natural inquisitiveness, combined with impatience, leads to her ask multiple questions at once. She expects the adults around her to make the world fair, but often feels the need to take over such an obligation herself. For such a naturally bouyant person, she contemplates profound issues with intense concentration. 
	Her mother, Moserah, is stricter than her father, Hushah, who she finds much easier to charm. She has the utmost confidence in her father, and believes that everything he says must be true.
	Her father's fate will be the single event that turns her from an innocent child into an angry Warlady.

Peter ("rock"), alias Pea: The youngest oasis child, small-framed and impetuous.

Pius ("pious"): A young and spoiled Warlord whose youth, inexperience and lack of intelligence causes him to be more of a follower than a leader.

Publius: The obese landlord of a disgustingly messy inn in Erebus city. He has little interest in personal hygiene, being drunk almost continually. He is lazy, timid and ignorant, and his only interest outside of beer is wagering on gladiatorial fights in the Ixis Colosseum. He is continually hen-pecked by his wife, and his inn is always on the verge of bankruptcy.

Quintus Tullius Erebic: The God-Emperor of the Ixis Empire lives in Erebus' Inner City and he is a hideously corrupt tyrant, with a desire to rule the entire world.

Scarface: A freed slave who fights in the Ixis Colosseum, killing to live and living to kill. He thrives on the fear of his victims, and he despises anyone who is not a fighter. He is psychotic, and his only ambition in a life that he despises is to be allowed to die in the heat of battle, before he becomes old and fat like a civilian.

Seedship-1X00: A spaceship under the control of Genome Origination Devices (god's). Despite suffering from an insanity caused by radiation damage to their minds, the god's of seedship-1X00 still manage to rationalize their own empire building plans.
	They speak without inflection, without humor, using formal diction, short vowels, hard consonants, and an unpunctuated, clipped rhythm. This only adds to the extreme tension and distrust felt while listening to them, a distrust that exists even between the gods.
	Their human creations live in fear of termination for not performing to expectation. Information, or the pretence thereof, keeps GOD2 at the top of the god-hierarchy. GOD2 also pretends to be the least mentally damaged, and considers the other gods to be too insane to deserve the immortality that it has planned for itself. 

Seedship-1X15: A mysterious spaceship that is hidden in Erebus' Inner City under a building called the Ixis Dome.

Servius: An escaped convict from Erebus, he is Lucius' reluctant follower. He is almost as intelligent as Lucius, but even more vicious. He is continually looking for an excuse to kill people, but remains restrained by Lucius.

Spurius: A trader whose travel-route shuttles him between Erebus city and Summerdale oasis. He is Hushah's brother, and often brings luxury supplies from Erebus as gifts. He has grey-brown curly hair, tied at the back in a pony-tail. His trading business is co-owned by Decimus, the village Elder, whom Spurius resents for not sharing their trade profits with the other villagers. He is involved in politically subversive activities in Erebus, giving him much excuse to argue with Decimus.
	Spurius is responsible for the illicit drugs that are brought into Summerdale, such as tobacco, alcohol and cannabis, a spectrum of drugs that serve to illustrate the social hypocrisy surrounding mind-altering substances.
	A mind can be sufficiently altered until it is no longer human, and thus unable to lay claim to an exclusively Human God. It is also conceivable that some religious Scriptures were written by a society that considered naturally growing hallucinogenic plants to be a source of divine inspiration.

Syntyche ("speaker"), alias Ecclesiastes ("preacher"): An artificial person who has been created in an orbiting seedship. After some time learning to socialize he realizes how abusive his seedship training has been, and develops a rebellious attitude. He becomes an emotive and emphatic orator, developing a casual style with a highly intellectual wit. He likes to watch people, and is obsessed with understanding the passion he sees in the world.
	He knows that he is physically and mentally superior to everyone around him, and he struggles to contain his arrogance, often using humor to disguise it. This humor is also used to control people and situations, but he justifies such control by assuming that it is necessary to make people think.
	He sees it as a personal challenge to introduce emotions into Chislon, no matter how aggressively this has to be done. He thinks of Chislon as a friend and brother, but sometimes he is not sure whether he actually likes him.
	After finding God, he becomes a born-again preacher, a role that conflicts with his seedship training. He prays regularly, but not in a particularly deferential way, and regrets having to manipulate Chislon's loyalties.
	Since he does not know that Chislon is also questioning their loyalty to the orbiting seedship, he restrains his desire to introduce Chislon to his religion—a sales-pitch that can become very irritating.

Tebah ("guarding of the body, a cook"): A cook and physician in Legate Vibius' legion.

Tiria ("to search out"): Female Outland army warrior scout.Titus: The owner and manager of a decayed shipping business that he has inherited from his deceased father. He is very short, and hates to stand close to tall people, especially his younger brother Giaus.
	He likes to be the center of attention and he enjoys being admired, so he purports to be a brave adventurer. However, it is common knowledge that he is incompetent and that he is slowly destroying his father's business.
	He resents his father for having been a better businessman, and he is haunted by childhood memories of parental criticism. His need to be respected drives everything he does.

Vibius: A proud and arrogant career soldier, who burns with a desire for military recognition. Not born to the senatorial classes, but feeling that he has earned senatorial stature; he blames politicians and superior officers for holding back his career. However, by manipulation and murder he becomes a Legate despite them, giving him control of an entire legion.
	He distrusts those who do not fear him, and commands respect by intimidation. His subordinates fear his mood swings from dramatic friendliness to evil intent.
	He has fits of rage if his orders are not carried out with precision, and he has many precise techniques for making people suffer, especially those who have embarrassed him. He is expert at both psychological and physical torture, and is very skilled at finding weaknesses in people, even Chislon.

Victor ("victorious"): A Southland Warlord, and an ex-Challenger in the Ixis Colosseum. He is short of stature, and aging, and he retains a sensitive ego.
	He has much experience at fighting the Ixis in his Southern homelands, and he has a reputation as an accomplished and honorable Warlord.


APPENDIX 4: GLOSSARY

Amendments: Improvements to the Homo-logue Mandate, which is a statement of understanding written by mankind's descendents. The Mandate itself is thus an ever-evolving summary of scientifically-based spirituality. The Mandate succeeds the pre-scientific Scriptures of Earthly religions. It also dictates why a seedship should nurture the evolution of intelligence on any planets that it terra-spawns.
	The Amendments discuss why:
	1. Humans needed a personal God,
	2. Religions were not Scientific,
	3. Un-natural evolution was inevitable,
	4. Heaven is a state of wisdom,
	5. All things share a single Universal Soul,
	6. The Universal Soul is God,
	7. The meek inherited the Earth, the bold inherited the stars,
	8. Nature is Godspawn,
	9. Religions are irrelevant to God, and,
	10. All minds are part of God.

Amphora: A large two-handled storage jar for, beer, wine or other liquids, having an oval body that tapers to a point at the base. The handles extend from immediately below the lip to the shoulder. The pointed base is pressed into the ground, or sits inside a circular foot.

Android: An inorganic vehicle, in humanoid form, supporting inorganic intelligence. A person that comprises an organic cerebral cortex, but who is otherwise inorganic, is usually described as a homo-logue, not as an android.

ANTS: Anatomic Nano-Technology Systems, microscopic motile devices that cooperate to monitor and enhance biological functions, such as neuron-growth or cell-repair.

Apotropaic Eye: An eye painted on a ship's bow in the belief that it endows the ship with the intelligence to avoid hazards.

Cellarium: Cellar for storing Amphorae.

Century: Lowest paid professional rank in an Ixis legion.

Centurion: A senior professional officer in an Ixis legion, commanding centuries.

Cohort: One of the ten divisions of an Ixis legion, numbering from 300 to 600 soldiers.

Colosseum: A city's amphitheater, the Colosseum Principius being the largest in the Ixis Empire, containing a stadium, a large theater, and other buildings for public meetings, sporting events and exhibitions.

CME: Communal Mind-share Environment, the use of which is called "see me". A CME is a temporarily created mind-space inside which enhanced minds concurrently co-process preagreed thought tasks.
	CME's are inherent among computational devices that can communicate as quickly as they can manipulate information.

Deus mortis: Literally "God death", the battle cry of Ixis soldiers who worship multiple gods, when attacking a single-god worshipping enemy.

Drachma: Unit of Ixis currency.

Emitter: A small, hand-held weapon used to direct a narrow beam of super-ionizing radiation.

Energet: Heavy-light particles emitted during interstellar propulsion, can be damaging to artificial intelligence.

Energet-bin: A storage device in an interstellar vessel that circulates zero-rest-mass, light-quantum matter and releases it through a vector field as energet.

Equestrian: A social class of free-persons second only to the the senatorial class, the "landed gentry" of the Ixis Empire.

Exo-corium: The outer inorganic layer of an android body, beneath a pseudo-organic epidermal layer.

Vulgus: The social group of free-persons beneath equestrian class in seniority, the working people of the Ixis Empire.

Ergastulum: A workhouse for slaves.

Exploratum: A specialist unit of Ixis reconnaissance scouts.

Game Master: Owner of a slave stable specializing in providing fighter-slaves to entertain spectators at colosseums.

God: Genome Origination Device, an artificial intelligence that, along with other gods, controls an interstellar seedship.

Godspawn: Used as a verb to describe the process by which Nature evolves intelligences that displace themselves with more efficient unnatural intelligences thus improving the sum of all wisdom in the Universe.
	Also used as a noun to describe the sum of all minds: natural, unnatural and godly.

Homo-logue: An evolutionary generation directly descendant from the human genus homo-sapiens, but also including some of the more advance homo-sapiens with organic and/or inorganically enhanced intelligence and awareness.
	Those homo-sapiens (humans) who have only undergone superficial or cosmetic upgrades to their intelligence and awareness do not usually qualify as homo-logues.

Homo-logue Mandate: see "Amendments".

Ixis: The dominant military culture, believes in many gods.

Lavatium: Washrooms in an Ixis camp.

Legate: Commander of an Ixis legion, usually drawn only from senatorial class, eligible after a successful tour of duty for selection as a governor of a province.

Legion: An Ixis army of around 5,000 soldiers, usually one legion per city, except for the capital city of Erebus which is divided into six sectors with one legion per sector.

Libra: Ixis weight measure, about 3/4 lb. Avoirdupois.

Minotaur: A mythical creature, half-bull and half-human.

Nauta: Merchant sailor.

Optimus: One of the best, e.g. a Master might reward an exemplary slave, known as a Slavus Optimus, with freedom as an example to less diligent slaves.

Oracle: The bio-tech eye of a seedship's genetic control device (god), can travel along walls in a seedship.

Pit-slave: A slave that fights to the death in order to entertaining Colosseum spectators.

Pod: A life-boat attached to a seedship's shuttlecraft.

Potissimus: Best of all, Chief/Principal.

Praefect: Commander of an auxiliary regiment.

Principia: The headquarters building in a fortress or fort.

Principius: Primary.

Punctim: Punched decoration or identification marks on military armor used to denote rank and allegiance.

Quingenaria: A cohort or ala of close to 500 men in strength, exact numbers differ depending on the type of unit.

Sacramentum: 	The Ixis sacred oath, in which all soldiers commit to their gods to defend the Emperor and the Empire.

Seedship: An interstellar vessel designed to terra-spawn dead planets with living Nature.

Senator: An elite social group of free-persons in the Ixis Empire, having special privileges such as access to Erebus' Inner City, and the right to take up governmental positions.

Shuttle: 	A vehicle used for transportation between an interstellar vessel and a planet's surface.

Slave Stable: A large pen adjoining the Colosseum in which pit-slaves sleep, eat and train for fights to the death.

Terra-spawning: 	The injection of Nature into a planet devoid of biological life.

Tres militiae: The expected military career path of the lower, equestrian, classes, e.g. praefect of an auxiliary cohort, then legionary tribune, then praefect of an ala.

Tribunes: The six senior ranking officers that directly serve a Legate of a legion.

Tribunus laticlavius: A senior class of Tribune, drawn for special training from the senatorial classes at beginning his career, while lesser classes of Tribune are drawn from either the senatorial or the lesser, equestrian classes.











