GODSPAWN is an "Asimovian" sci-fi/spirituality epic, completed December 15, 2004, by a new and unpublished author writing under the pseudonym "A. Zoic".  Contributors to the novel include highly successful British, US and Canadian authors (Hugo/Nebula awards) and professional editors.  We have not approached Publishers, instead prefering to do this via your representation.  However, we have received a distribution offer from www.SimplyAudioBooks.com, so the novel is undergoing readability testing and broadcast-quality recording at the Canadian National Institute For The Blind.  The novel is also being reviewed in e-book format by an "e-book community" that supplies enthusiastic responses; readers polarize: love it or leave it.  Reader reviews are listed at www.GODSPAWN.com 

GODSPAWN is a 160,000-word faith-quest, set in the far future where computer-gods recreate ancient-Earth and use genetically engineered spies as social anthropologists.  One of these spies betrays his computer-gods for the love of a natural Warlady, and together they save her people and her faith.

PREMISE:  A supernatural outcast joins a Warlady's fight for freedom — a reluctant messiah seeking his own faith, because human clones do not have human souls.

SETTING:  Cruel Roman legions persecute a peace-loving sect, from oasis village to forest fort to walled city, where their warriors gather.  God-like computers have re-created this ancient world to provide unwitting pawns in a social experiment. Through Unnatural Evolution (genetic engineering), they create a more advanced race of “humans” to undermine those religions that can not accommodate non-human (or computer) souls.  Meanwhile, a faithless human-clone falls in love with Nature’s Warlady, freeing him from his computer-gods and showing him where God draws the line.

SYNOPSIS:  Lost in a desert, Azoic recovers in an oasis village under the watchful eye of an idealistic girl child called Neariah.  Through her friendship he learns her simple faith in humanity, despite the other villagers’ suspicion that he is a Roman spy.  When a legion massacres the village, Azoic hides, so Neariah leaves him behind in disgust as she flees.  She grows up to become a battle-hardened Warlady, while Azoic, realizing that he is merely a soul-less android, loses his newfound faith in her God.  He wanders the desert as a Storyteller, trying to find meaning to life; but by manipulating his computer-gods he prevents her people from being displaced by an unnaturally evolved race of “humans”.  Meanwhile, a human-clone called Chislon wrestles with his alien conscience as he falls in love with Neariah.  He helps her defeat the legions, while Azoic teaches him how to feel more human.  Thus, Azoic brings Chislon and Neariah together by reconciling their conflicting Gods.  Yet, as saintly as Azoic may become, he/it will always remain a lost soul.

CHARACTERS:  The story uses third person past tense and contrasts three distinctly different voices: Azoic is the protagonist and unreliable narrator.  Created by science but broken by sunstroke, he slowly realizes that he is merely an android.  Through his unique perspective on human nature he becomes the unorthodox savior of a humanity that unnatural “humans” plan to supersede.  Meanwhile, a human-clone called Chislon seeks to understand love and honor by helping Neariah, a natural Warlady, to save her people and her faith.

AUTHOR:  An accomplished new-media entrepreneur and motivational speaker, the Author co-founded a billion-dollar company called Formus Communications.  His fiction-writing career began thereafter, working from home offices in Britain, US, Canada and Australia; where he combines his 15-years of writing experience with the genius of professional editors and award-winning authors.  Intense research pours through the Author’s work; yet he completes one novel per year.  As a qualified scientist, he holds four degrees: two graduate degrees in communications and computers, and two post-graduate degrees in business and media.

Regards, Richard Ballard
www.GODSPAWN.com
5 Hale Place, Monkton, Guildford, Surrey, GU99BJ UK 
+1 (905) 257-2200 = Office 
+1 (905) 257-2201 = Fax
+1 (416) 414-8100 = Mobile
